A gospel choir comes out of one of the buildings as the street becomes more crowded with people of all ages and backgrounds rejoicing and getting along with each other .
Bulloch and the passengers embarked in the steamer while Bulloch dispatched a letter to his financial agents instructing them to settle damages with the brig 's owners because he could not afford to take the time to deal with the affair lest he and Fingal be detained .
Mallory endorsed Bulloch 's plan to load Fingal with cotton to sell on the Navy Department 's account to be used to purchase more ships and equipment in Europe .
In company with other units of the Austro Hungarian navy , Erzherzog Ferdinand Max took a minor part in the bombardment of Ancona on 24 May 1915 .
Released on July 5 , 1988 , the album was the band 's second collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin , whose production skills on Slayer 's previous album Reign in Blood had helped the band 's sound evolve .
 South of Heaven was recorded in Los Angeles , California with Reign in Blood producer Rick Rubin .
The 1960s also saw experiments with motorised hang gliders , but it was not until the 1970s that this blend of technologies started to mature , resulting in the birth of the microlight movement .
She displaced 14 @,@ 508 long tons ( 14 @,@ 741 t ) normally , and up to 15 @,@ 845 long tons ( 16 @,@ 099 t ) with a full combat load .
His successors called for its abolition , with James P. Kimball , before he left office in 1889 , writing to Congress that except as jewelry , " little practical use has been found for this coin " .
Forest growth with clusters of mango , tamarind , and karanj trees cover the hills with scattered palm trees .
@ 8 ft ) in height , has a headdress ( double @-@ folded ) with two pleats draped towards the female head ( Parvati ) and the right side ( Shiva ) depicting curled hair and a crescent .
It is interpreted that Shiva is spearing him with the front right hand , as conjectured by the spear seen hanging without any hold .
Parvati is carved as a perfect figure with coiffured hair dress , well adorned with jewellery and is draped tightly to display depressions below the waist only .
He quickly emerged as a league star , entertaining crowds with his prolific scoring .
However , it is possible that another chambered tomb was located nearby ; a razed , elongated earthen mound with an east @-@ west orientation is located in a hollow at the foot of the downs just under a quarter of a mile to the north of the Coldrum Stones .
A. Arnold , came across the monument , which they noted was known among locals as the " Coldrum Stones " and " Druid Temple " ; according to Payne , " the huge stones were so overgrown with brambles and brushwood that they could not be discerned " .
Route 4 crosses into the town of East Greenwich , passing under South Road before interchanging with Route 2 at exit 6 , a partial cloverleaf interchange .
The highway crosses under an overpass at Middle Road before interchanging with Route 401 , the freeway 's final spur , at another partial cloverleaf interchange .
It then received a North American release on October 29 , 2013 by RCA as part of its holiday promotional campaign with the soundtracks to the feature films Black Nativity and The Best Man Holiday , with Wrapped in Red being promulgated as the one that will transcend formats and become a new holiday classic .
When scratched with a sharp implement , an exothermic reaction occurs and white fumes are given off as metallic antimony is formed ; when rubbed with a pestle in a mortar , a strong detonation occurs .
 Prolonged skin contact with antimony dust may cause dermatitis .
There , Wheeler visited the local kraals to compare them with the settlements of Iron Age Britain .
While he had become a trustee of the institution in 1963 , he achieved publicity for vocally criticising the British Museum as " a mountainous corpse " , lambasting it as being poorly managed and overcrowded with artefacts .
The spore mass is blended with mustard seed oil , and used as a salve against burns .
In the city of Madison , whose single largest employer was a meatpacking plant with over 1000 employees , operated by IBP and then by Tyson Foods , the increase was far greater : the Hispanic fraction of the population rose from less than 1 % in 1980 to 48 @.
The north and south walls are both made of two different materials : the western two @-@ thirds of them is red brick , possibly from the brickyard that once operated in Madison ; the easternmost third is plastered with a layer of cement , painted red to match the bricks .
The rear ( east ) wall is also plastered with red cement .
However , mere hours later Andy feels that he is only sticking with his Dundler @-@ Mifflin job because it is safe and that he has to take a shot at achieving fame .
When breeding in Eurasia , the corn crake 's habitats would originally have included river meadows with tall grass and meadow plants including sedges and irises .
He has a brief courtship display in which the neck is extended and the head held down , the tail is fanned , and the wings are spread with the tips touching the ground .
Produced by Steve Mac , he co @-@ wrote the song with Iain James , Camille Purcell and James Newman .
Jarett Wieselman for the New York Post agreed with this assessment , opining that although the episode was " filled with more brilliant moments than ever before " , the stand @-@ out scene was Sue writing in her journal , which Wieselman deemed " jam @-@ packed with so many one liners , it acted as a vacuum , sucking the smart out of everything else on TV from 9 : 05 to 9 : 07 pm . "
In particular , he believed that there was a strong homoerotic subtext between Haddock and Tintin , represented in the two delirious sequences ; in one , Haddock envisions Tintin as a champagne bottle frothing at the top ( thereby symbolising an ejaculating penis ) , while in the other , Tintin dreams that he is trapped inside a bottle , with Haddock about to stick a corkscrew into him ( thereby symbolising sexual penetration ) .
In 1874 , a large raft got wedged in the chute of the Dunnstown Dam and caused a jam that blocked the channel from bank to bank with a pile of logs 16 feet ( 5 m ) high .
It extended for 137 metres ( 450 ft ) , and along its length were murder @-@ holes which allowed defenders to shower attackers with missiles .
An understated take , to be sure , but with such a well @-@ known play , packed full of witticisms and aphorisms with a life of their own , it 's the little things that make a difference . "
Between 1858 and 1875 , Major George Gwavas Carlyon imported Exmoor ponies to Hawkes Bay and crossed them with local stock to produce the Carlyon pony .
The two fleets were showered by their respective nations with both praise and criticism – the latter particularly directed at those captains not felt to have contributed significantly to the fighting .
George 's father had opposed the plan of the earlier Prime Minister , Pitt the Younger , to introduce such a bill following the Union of 1801 , fearing Catholic Emancipation to be in conflict with the Act of Settlement 1701 .
The ship had been packed with delayed @-@ action explosives , well hidden within a steel and concrete case , that detonated later that day , putting the dock out of service for the remainder of the war and up to five years after .
 The purpose of the raid was to destroy three objectives : the Normandie dock , the old gates into the Bassin de St Nazaire together with the water pumping machinery and other installations , and any U @-@ boats or other shipping in the area .
The first would be packed with explosives and rammed into the dock gates .
The bow was packed with 4 @.
Three demolition teams were tasked with destroying the dock pumping machinery and other installations associated with the dry dock .
The kilt @-@ wearing Captain Donald Roy - ' The Laird ' - and his 14 @-@ man assault troop were tasked with inactivating two pump @-@ house roof @-@ top gun emplacements high above the quayside and securing a bridge to provide a route for the raiding parties to exit the dock area .
From the Middle East , the government of Qatar sent a strategic transport aircraft ( C @-@ 17 ) , loaded with 50 tonnes of urgent relief materials and 26 members from the Qatari armed forces , the internal security force ( Lekhwiya ) , police force and the Hamad Medical Corporation , to set up a field hospital and provide assistance in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince and other affected areas in Haiti .
Each exile has two different plants on either shoulder with which they share a special bond .
Bedell said that it was unbelievable for the United States to settle disputes with war , and he said that an Iraq war would be similar to the Vietnam War .
@ 983 litre 6 @-@ cylinder in @-@ line petrol with fuel injection developing 180 hp ( 130 kW ) at 4 @,@ 700 rpm , fitted with Vortox 2 @-@ stage air cleaner or a Volkswagen 2 @.
With just 33 seconds remaining and no other way to stop the clock , Tech 's Maurice Williams questionably stayed down with a leg cramp and the referees stopped the clock to allow the injured player to receive assistance from athletic trainers before the next play .
Below the parapet is a string course with large grotesque gargoyles .
Tawny nurse sharks are yellowish , reddish , or grayish brown above and off @-@ white below , and are capable of slowly changing their color to better blend with the environment .
As designed the fort 's rear was protected with a wooden palisade or stockade .
South Australia was experiencing a depression in 1886 and that coupled with a report by General James Bevan Edwards scuttled plans for the third coastal fort .
Rock weathering is intense in the area spread with scree and felsenmeer .
 The Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway ( AK @-@ 1 ) , inside Chugach National Forest .
 Traffic on the Hope Highway is very low , with the highest traffic count being just over 400 vehicles daily , at its intersection with the Seward Highway .
Today Jifna has a total jurisdiction over 6 @,@ 015 dunams , 420 of which are designated as built @-@ up and roughly 2 @,@ 000 planted with olive , apricot and other fruit trees .
 He formed a productive forward partnership with Jackie Sewell in the 1948 – 49 campaign , and scored 23 goals in 40 league and cup appearances .
Although he initially had no plans to perform this material live , less than two weeks after the release of Illinois , Stevens embarked on a North American tour to promote the album , performing with a string section of eight to ten members named the Illinoisemakers .
 Two tramps , named Dusty and Weary , awake from their slumber in a hay stock and are overcome with thirst .
 Presently , the Singing Cadets perform primarily in state , along with a sprinkling of national and international tours .
At 700 feet ( 213 m ) above sea level and with no major river or visible natural resources , Oldham had poor geographic attributes compared with other settlements for investors and their engineers .
Within a year , 11 other mills had been constructed , and by 1818 there were 19 – not a large number in comparison with other local settlements .
However , Gayle rose to the occasion , unsettling the Bayern defence with his attacking threat .
Prisons , sewers , forests and story @-@ centric locations serve as dungeon locales ; these areas are scattered with treasure chests containing rare items , some of which cannot be purchased in stores .
This video was later compiled on the Nirvana box set With the Lights Out ( 2004 ) .
 In French cooking , plums are an ingredients in a significant tradition of cake making : " ... throughout the districts of the Loire , the Dordogne , the Lot and the Périgord , there [ was ] hardly a celebration , a wedding feast or celebration at which the dessert [ did ] not include some sort of plum or mirabelle tart , made with fresh or dried plums or jam according to the season . "
 Plum cake in the United States originated with the English settlers and was prepared in the English style in sizes ranging from small , such as for parties in celebration of Twelfth Night and Christmas , to large , such as for weddings .
The proposed competition schedule spreads medals across the entire program with two peaks at the weekends , being similar to the 2008 Summer Olympics program .
Eventually in 1852 he settled the matter with Weber 's heirs by handing them Weber 's drafts and a cash compensation .
The shrewdest of composers rubs his hands with glee.'
It is a slow @-@ growing plant that tends to become untidy with age , and generally does not flower until four to five years after sprouting from seed .
These ships would be stripped to essential fittings and their lower holds and ballast filled with rubble and concrete .
 Bradstreet was sent on a number of diplomatic missions , dealing with settlers , other English colonies , and the Dutch in New Amsterdam .
In the following years he negotiated an agreement with settlers in York and Kittery to bring them under Massachusetts jurisdiction .
Sayid turns on the transceiver , but before he is able to triangulate the signal , an unseen person knocks Sayid unconscious with a stick .
Monaghan revealed this in an interview with Stuff magazine in October 2005 , saying , " [ The heroin is ] brown sugar .
Pryce 's book and gloves were lying outside No 56 , a silver Audi car was smeared with blood outside No 82 and a list of wedding venues outside 84 .
@ 5 mm beam , 360 g weight , 331 swing weight and 16x19 string pattern ( all strung with overgrip ) .
Chick believed that the multiplayer component was one of the game 's worst features , and he derided the game 's " suspiciously canned physics " , which offered " a grab bag of fidelity mixed in with heaps of silliness . "
Compositing work – combining the greenscreen shots with stock footage and CGI elements – was performed in Flame and Inferno .
Shrubs generally comprise the bulk of fall and winter diets , while grasses and forbs are used in spring and early summer , but the pattern and plant species vary with climate .
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit occupies plant communities with a mixture of shrubs , grasses , and forbs .
A shrub @-@ grassland mosaic or widely spaced shrubs interspersed with herbs provides hiding cover while providing feeding opportunities .
Saturday evenings were spent with the cinema crowds in Leicester Square .
 Thomas Charles @-@ Edwards has suggested that the kingdom of Dál Riata was a cross @-@ roads between the artistic styles of the Picts and those of Ireland , with which the Scots settlers in what is now Argyll kept close contacts .
 The song was included on the standard version of It Won 't Be Soon Before Long without the inclusion of Rihanna , however , Levine stated in an interview with James Montgomery for MTV News whilst on set of the accompanying music video that he wanted to try something different for the album 's re @-@ release .
In an interview with James Montgomery for MTV News whilst on set of the music video , Levine provided a summary of what the video would entail , saying : " It 's this kind of ultra @-@ glamorous , photography @-@ based , late- ' 70s / early- ' 80s situation .
Shimomura has said that she believes that an important part of " the creative process behind music " is to " convey a subtle message , something that comes from your imagination and sticks with the listener , without being overly specific about what it means " , rather than only writing simple themes with obvious messages .
These two events ( supernova and solidification of gas cloud ) were inferred to have happened during the early history of the Solar System , as the 129I isotope was likely generated before the Solar System was formed , but not long before , and seeded the solar gas cloud with isotopes from a second source .
According to the book Evita : A Biography by John Barnes , while she traveled down a street with many people crowding her car , someone threw two stones and smashed the windshield .
The exchange between Evita and the crowd of two million became , for a time , a genuine and spontaneous dialogue , with the crowd chanting , " ¡ Evita , Vice @-@ Presidente ! "
 The streets of Buenos Aires overflowed with huge piles of flowers .
To provide additional recreational fishing opportunities , the Idaho Department of Fish and Game stocks several of the forest 's waterways with rainbow trout , while reservoirs are also stocked with Kokanee or chinook salmon and Lake Cascade is stocked with coho salmon and steelhead , the anadromous form of rainbow trout .
 At first , men from 7 Independent Company were sent out in sticks mixed with the Territorials , but problems soon arose regarding proper regimen and the language barrier .
Hansberry had been a personal friend whom Simone credited with cultivating her social and political consciousness .
At the time , the Sabor and Ban Josip Jelačić advocated the severance of ties with the Kingdom of Hungary , emphasising links to other South Slavic lands within the empire .
The next morning , Bart wakes up with a hangover and realizes that in the revelry of the night before he joined the Junior Campers , a Boy Scout @-@ style organization that is not affiliated with the Boy Scouts of America .
After a holiday with Coward in Jamaica , she seemed to have recovered , but Olivier later recorded , " I am sure that ... [ the doctors ] must have taken some pains to tell me what was wrong with my wife ; that her disease was called manic depression and what that meant — a possibly permanent cyclical to @-@ and @-@ fro between the depths of depression and wild , uncontrollable mania .
In 1960 and 1961 Olivier appeared in Anouilh 's Becket on Broadway , first in the title role , with Anthony Quinn as the king , and later exchanging roles with his co @-@ star .
The first two ships were designed to displace 26 @,@ 600 tonnes ( 26 @,@ 200 long tons ) with a standard load , and up to 31 @,@ 200 tonnes ( 30 @,@ 700 long tons ) at combat weight .
The shells were loaded with two RP C / 12 propellant charges : a main charge in a brass cartridge that weighed 91 kg ( 201 lb ) and a fore charge in a silk bag that weighed 34 @.
@ 8 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
As built , they were armed with four 4 @-@ inch ( 102 mm ) guns and had four twin 21 @-@ inch torpedo tubes with a load of eight torpedoes , but all were later equipped with depth charges .
All were equipped with four twin torpedo tubes loaded with eight torpedoes except for the Sampsons ( which had four triple tubes carrying twelve torpedoes ) , but the Cassin and Aylwin classes were armed with 18 @-@ inch ( 457 mm ) torpedoes .
People with extensive burns may be wrapped in clean sheets until they arrive at a hospital .
The cat drags a kill to a preferred spot , covers it with brush , and returns to feed over a period of days .
Cougars are generally hunted with packs of dogs , until the animal is ' treed ' .
Fighting back with sticks and rocks , or even bare hands , is often effective in persuading an attacking cougar to disengage .
 In 2014 , it was announced that a technology @-@ focused stock exchange would be established to compete with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange .
Instead , revenue is generated through the Dota Store , which offers for @-@ purchase exclusively cosmetic virtual goods , including custom clothing and weapons for their heroes , along with music packs by notable artists such as electronic music artist deadmau5 , Taiwanese songwriter JJ Lin , and video game composers Chance Thomas , Jeremy Soule , and Lennie Moore .
She performed an acoustic , ukulele @-@ driven version of the song sitting on top of a tire stack while asking the crowd to sing along with her .
The rail is a prized food for local people who catch it with traps made from strings of bark and hunt it with dogs .
Riverboats and stagecoaches jammed the riverside city with a variety of newcomers , prospectors and shady characters .
( Families of the other two victims settled with the airline before filing litigation . )
Major government buildings are often adorned with strings of lights .
With increasing insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir from the late 1980s , separatist protesters boycotted Independence Day there with bandh ( strikes ) , use of black flags and by flag burning .
 In particular , he forms a close friendship with archaeologist James Moon ( Kenneth Branagh ) , another veteran , who like Birkin has been emotionally scarred by the war .
 Although the fruit bodies of H. peckii have been described as resembling " Danish pastry topped with strawberry jam " , and Hydnellum species in general are not known to be poisonous , they are inedible due to their extremely bitter taste .
After the match , Helms announced that he was fed up with being funny for the crowd , and that he was sick of carrying Rosey as a tag team partner .
 Helms was previously in a relationship with fellow professional wrestler Jamie Szantyr , from 2004 @-@ 2009 who is better known by her ring name Velvet Sky .
 The money was proffered with few strings attached : J. C. R. Licklider , then the director of ARPA , believed that his organization should " fund people , not projects ! "
Overall , the movie is a mainstream one with good packaging . "
Native throughout the temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere , Amanita muscaria has been unintentionally introduced to many countries in the Southern Hemisphere , generally as a symbiont with pine and birch plantations , and is now a true cosmopolitan species .
Conveyed with pine seedlings , it has been widely transported into the southern hemisphere , including Australia , New Zealand , South Africa and South America , where it can be found in the southern Brazilian states of Paraná and Rio Grande do Sul .
Among the proposed reforms was the replacement of burning at the stake with hanging , but , mainly through the objections of various interested parties , none of the commission 's proposals made it into law during the Rump Parliament .
Our men did beat them down with sticks and stones .
There are birds in such great confusion and so tame that it is not necessary to go hunting with firearms , they can so easily be killed with a little stick or rod .
The Cubs led 7 – 5 with two outs and the bases loaded for the Brewers in the bottom of the ninth inning when Brant Brown dropped a fly ball , allowing three unearned runs to score on his error and losing the Cubs the game .
The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the top of the 4th inning , but Brian Johnson struck out to end the inning .
Rich Rodriguez relieved Gardner , but loaded the bases with a walk to Mark Grace and allowed a single to Matt Mieske which scored two more runs and extended the Cubs ' lead to 4 – 0 .
Bonds came to bat with the bases loaded for the second time in the game and lined out to deep right field , scoring Mueller on a sacrifice fly and Javier advanced to third base .
 Barry Bonds drew criticism after the game for his poor performance , including twice making an out with the bases loaded , with some suggesting that Bonds often played poorly in " big games " .
Paranthodon teeth preserve wear , possibly cause by rubbing with other teeth .
Satake would later travel to South America with Maeda and settle in Manaus , Amazonas State , while Maeda continued traveling .
 In 1925 , Maeda became involved with helping settle Japanese immigrants near Tome @-@ açú , a Japanese @-@ owned company town in Pará , Brazil .
The kakapo has a distinctive habit of grabbing a leaf or frond with a foot and stripping the nutritious parts of the plant out with its beak , leaving a ball of indigestible fibre .
She is the descendant of mutineers from the famed Mutiny on the Bounty ( 1789 ) and of the Tahitian men and women who journeyed with the mutineers in settling the island in 1790 .
Fowler raised the trophy along with Sami Hyypiä and Jamie Redknapp .
The player can walk in the levels , as well as control the camera , which typically follows behind the figure , either with the analog stick or by tilting the motion @-@ sensitive controller .
Once they strike their prey , they hang on to it with their large fangs rather than letting it go and waiting for it to die .
This starts with one male rubbing its chin along the back of the other .
Once there , Kritschgau believes Mulder has alien induced mind reading abilities and injects him with a drug ( phenytoin ) to slow down his brain activity .
They again inject Mulder with phenytoin , but this time they are caught by Fowley and Mulder goes into a seizure .
The live insects were portrayed by blowing popcorn and packing foam at Anderson with fans and editing it into insects in post production .
The program ended in 2004 after 25 years of running monitoring stations , and in 2006 a summary publication announced success : a 95 % reduction in mole cricket numbers in northern Florida , with biological control agents spreading potentially to all parts of Florida .
They are usually eaten fried along with sticky rice .
 Emperor Gaozong supported settling a peace treaty with the Jurchens and sought to rein in the assertiveness of the military .
A prototype vehicle was authorized in October 1941 armed with an M1A1 75 mm Pack Howitzer and a mount that was designed to fit on a simple box structure in the back of an M3 Half @-@ track .
Motown Records tried to get the group out of their Steeltown contract , and ultimately succeeded with a financial settlement .
It can be detected by microscopic examination of fresh anticoagulated blood , or its buffy coat , for motile parasites ; or by preparation of thin and thick blood smears stained with Giemsa , for direct visualization of parasites .
Carr 's place as James 's principal favorite was now taken by the handsome George Villiers , 1st Duke of Buckingham , ( 1592 @-@ 1628 ) , with whom James was said to have been infatuated .
Though nothing came of Baltimore 's recall , he renewed his rights over the silk @-@ import duties , which had lapsed with the death of James I , and secured Charles ' blessing for his venture in the " New Found Land " .
 Aston 's return to England in late 1626 , along with all the Catholic settlers , failed to deter Baltimore , who finally sailed for Newfoundland in 1627 , arriving on July 23 and staying only two months before returning to England .
He was dismayed to find that the war with France had spread to Newfoundland , and that he had to spend most of his time fighting off French attacks on English fishing fleets with his own ships the Dove and the Ark .
Nine or ten of Baltimore 's company died that winter , and with half the settlers ill at one time , his house had to be turned into a hospital .
Even decades earlier , Harriet Beecher Stowe had been horrified at the hunting by visitors , and she wrote the first conservation publication for Florida in 1877 : " [ t ] he decks of boats are crowded with men , whose only feeling amid our magnificent forests , seems to be a wild desire to shoot something and who fire at every living thing on shore . "
The lull lasted 35 minutes , and during that time the streets of the city became crowded with people " , wrote Richard Gray , the local weather chief . "
 In August , Paramount , with the help of other stockholders , seized full control of DuMont Laboratories .
Nevertheless , Jack Fingleton later claimed that Jardine could have won over the crowd by exchanging jokes or pleasantries with them .
Food was also present , and cossid moth larvae along with other species of plants and animals were collected .
Revegetation projects restoring buloke woodland , a species of she @-@ oak integral to the survival of the red @-@ tailed black cockatoo ( Calyptorynchus banksii ) , have been interplanted with a nurse species , usually fast @-@ growing eucalypts .
The male may adopt a vertical or horizontal ' eagle display ' with wings and tail spread wide and held still for several seconds .
The female alone builds the nest , which is deep and cup @-@ shaped , woven of twigs and grasses with other plant material , animal hair and spider webs .
Both practices have sound ecological value , but allow the noisy miner to proliferate , so conservation efforts are being modified by planting a shrubby understory with the eucalypts , and avoiding the creation of narrow protrusions , corners or clumps of trees in vegetation corridors .
He declined the offer of an old merchant ship , loaded with troops , being deliberately grounded at Gaba Tepe .
Their elevation limits were − 5 ° to + 45 ° with a fixed loading angle of 8 ° .
Also , the turret shop at Nikolaev proved to be too poorly equipped to assemble the 406 mm mountings and the propeller shafts had to be ordered in 1940 from Germany and the Netherlands as the domestic plants were already overburdened with orders .
In order to make up for this , series art director Corey Kaplan was tasked with building a sewer replica ; she used the blueprints from the 1952 version of Les Misérables as an inspiration .
Crang , in his book Denying the Truth : Revisiting The X @-@ Files after 9 / 11 , wrote that the episode felt " very familiar " but was impressed with the production design on the sewer set .
The incident flooded the creek and its adjacent Muwekma Ohlone Park with sewage .
To limit this effect , De Pauw immediately , in the mine @-@ gallery , re @-@ covered the dug @-@ out fossils with wet clay , sealing them with paper and plaster reinforced by iron rings , forming in total about six hundred transportable blocks with a combined weight of a hundred and thirty tons .
In Brussels after opening the plaster he impregnated the bones with boiling gelatine mixed with oil of cloves as a preservative .
Late , Togusa receives a call from the Puppeteer who hacks his brain and forces him to drive to a cyberbrain implant hospital with his daughter .
Before the match , the All Blacks performed a haka ( a Māori posture dance ) ; the 47 @,@ 000 @-@ strong crowd responded with the Welsh national anthem – Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau ( " Land of Our Fathers " ) – the first time a national anthem had been sung before a sporting fixture .
There was only scattered and sporadic contact with delaying forces such as that experienced by elements of the U.S. 11th Armoured Cavalry three kilometers inside Cambodia .
The two @-@ square mile PAVN complex contained over 400 thatched huts , storage sheds , and bunkers , each of which was packed with food , weapons , and ammunition .
Although the stem is initially loosely stuffed with cottony hyphae , it eventually becomes hollow in maturity ; overall , the mushroom is rather fragile .
In 1836 the German explorer and naturalist Alexander von Humboldt wrote to Prince Augustus Frederick , Duke of Sussex , then President of the Royal Society , stating that a formal program was important to a nation with dominions spread across the globe .
In a visit to Chicago shortly after the Democratic convention , Nixon received a large welcome and ticker tape parade , with crowds estimated at several hundred thousand .
In response to Humphrey 's calls for a face to face debate , Nixon remarked : " Before we can have a debate between Nixon and Humphrey , Humphrey 's got to settle his debate with himself . "
 ტ ( t 'ari ) often has a small circle with a tail hanging into the bowl , rather than two small circles as in print , or as an O with a straight vertical line intersecting the top .
He eventually found one , a married policeman , with whom he settled in the English Lake District .
If correct , Gofraid would appear to have been at odds with Toirdelbach , a monarch who appears to have cultivated close links with the Norman regime .
Entertainment Weekly rated " Irresistible " a B + , saying it was based on " an unsettling concept to begin with " that was reinforced by " Chinlund 's skin @-@ crawling one @-@ man show " .
Knowing that Thunderbirds would be the " biggest project [ APF ] had worked on " , Meddings found himself struggling to manage his workload with the single filming unit that had produced all the effects for Stingray .
Morag Reavley of BBC Online argues that the piece is " up there ... in the quintessential soundtrack of the Sixties " with the James Bond films and the songs of Frank Sinatra , Elvis and The Beatles .
Bignell comments that the Hood 's Oriental appearance and mysterious powers draw parallels with James Bond villains and fears of China operating as " a ' third force ' antagonistic to the West " .
In 2011 , the museum was reported to still maintain its original furnishings , with the gift store fully stocked and the restaurant still furnished .
The Examiner , meanwhile , took issue with the cramped and overladen boat , pointing out that the characters " if not exactly jammed together like figs in a basket , are sadly constrained for want of room " , and also complained that the boat would not in reality " float half the weight which is made to press upon it . "
While the team considered the SCUMM interface revolutionary at the time , LucasArts community manager Brooks Brown noted that it is incompatible with an analog stick , which most consoles use .
His uncle Kleine beat him once , not with the conventional rattan stick , but symbolically with dried dahlia stalks , this for stuffing cow hairs into a village idiot 's pipe .
Her face was usually brushed with freckles .
 Stars are not spread uniformly across the universe , but are normally grouped into galaxies along with interstellar gas and dust .
A letter to Masarnau and a notice in a French journal that Alkan played in London with Moscheles and Cramer , indicate that he returned to England in 1835 .
These works , however , did not meet with the approval of Robert Schumann , who wrote : " One is startled by such false , such unnatural art ... the last [ piece , titled Morte ( Death ) , is ] a crabbed waste , overgrown with brush and weeds ... nothing is to be found but black on black " .
The Paramount Building and 120 Wall Street , for example , were constructed in the set @-@ back style without towers , partially because the limited size of the sites would have made the towers relatively narrow and – when packed with the necessary elevators and service facilities – economically unviable .
It was there that Baldwin joined forces with James Gilbrith , a disciple of Josiah Holbrook who wanted to found a lyceum village .
 In 2008 , a Baby Jesus was stolen from First United Methodist Church in Kittanning , Pennsylvania and replaced with a pumpkin , and , in Eureka Springs , Arkansas , a thief not only stole the Baby Jesus from a public display but absconded with the concrete block and chain that was supposed to act as a deterrent .
Instead , a new track was constructed each year using snow : the overhangs were built by hand , the tracks were leveled and the structure sprayed with ice until it was hard .
To obtain ships suitable for traditional battlecruiser roles , such as scouting for fleets and hunting enemy raiders , he settled on a design with the minimal armour of a light cruiser and the armament of a battlecruiser .
In an interview with the Hungarian online newspaper Origo , Lawless said that her part in the episode was the best experience she had guest @-@ starring for a show . "
Bacteria also live in symbiotic and parasitic relationships with plants and animals .
It looks less like a comic book , so we stuck with it . "
In The System of Comics , Thierry Groensteen described the symbol as a recurring motif that produces " rhyme and remarkable configurations " by appearing in key segments of Watchmen , notably the first and last pages of the series - spattered with blood on the first , and sauce from a hamburger on the last .
With the addition of a blood splash over the eye , the face 's meaning was altered to become simultaneously radical and simple enough for the first issue 's cover to avoid human detail .
Moore mentioned that " [ t ] he whole thing with Watchmen has just been loads of these little bits of synchronicity popping up all over the place " .
It was mainly used for testing and training purposes , which included combat missions flown with pumpkin bombs by the 509th Composite Group .
 In para @-@ Alpine events , this classification is grouped with sitting classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
The big bummer is that we don 't even get any tiger on human direct action until the very end , and that 's boilerplate Lassie stuff with a stuntman fending off a laid @-@ back stunt tiger " .
Thayambaka in particular is a virtuoso genre for unpitched percussion only : a solo double @-@ headed cylindrical drum called chenda , played with a pair of sticks , and accompanied by other chenda and elathalam ( pairs of cymbals ) .
The earliest known use of col legno ( tapping on the strings with the back of the bow ) is found in Tobias Hume 's First Part of Ayres for unaccompanied viola da gamba ( 1605 ) , in a piece titled Harke , Harke .
By 2006 , three of the four largest congregations in the United States were teaching prosperity theology , and Joel Osteen has been credited with spreading it outside of the Pentecostal and Charismatic movement through his books , which have sold over 4 million copies .
The 17th @-@ century staircase features thick balusters and prominent finials , with foliage patterns ingrained in the plasterwork of the handrail .
On the upper floors are rooms with 18th @-@ century fittings , including " panelled dados , lugged architraves , low relief plaster ceilings and closets within angled turrets " .
He notes that the surface in the upper area of the park is " diversified by gentle undulations and has been planted with great judgment and taste " and that the River Towy flows in the vicinity .
The shrubs and ground cover are outstanding with cherry , holly , spindle , dog violet and the parasitic toothwort .
Guided by the directors ' initial concept for it to be a " mother @-@ language " , Okrand employed an Indo @-@ European word stock with its own grammatical structure .
The bulk of Kīlauea consists of solidified lava flows , intermittent with scattered volcanic ash and tephra sourced from relatively lower @-@ volume explosive eruptions .
The average pack consists of a family of 5 – 11 animals ( 1 – 2 adults , 3 – 6 juveniles and 1 – 3 yearlings ) , or sometimes two or three such families , with exceptionally large packs consisting of 42 wolves being known .
Prey density tends to be much higher in the territory 's surrounding areas , though wolves tend to avoid hunting in the fringes of their range unless desperate , because of the possibility of fatal encounters with neighboring packs .
During pregnancy , female wolves remain in a den located away from the peripheral zone of their territories , where violent encounters with other packs are more likely .
In Eurasia , many gray wolf populations are forced to subsist largely on livestock and garbage in areas with dense human activity , though wild ungulates such as moose , red deer , roe deer and wild boar are still the most important food sources in Russia and the more mountainous regions of Eastern Europe .
In 2012 , an estimated 14 wolf packs were living in Germany ( mostly in the east ) and a pack with pups has been sighted within 15 miles of Berlin .
A popular method of wolf hunting in Russia involves trapping a pack within a small area by encircling it with fladry poles carrying a human scent .
 By the mid @-@ 1860s a deep rift had developed between Irataba , who was proactive in cooperating with white settlers , and Homoseh quahote , who passively tolerated but did not approve of white encroachment on Mohave lands .
He also starred along with Jamie Lee Curtis and Geoffrey Rush in The Tailor of Panama in 2001 , and lent his voice to The Simpsons episode " Treehouse of Horror XII " , as a machine with Pierce Brosnan 's voice .
The film is directed by Martin Campbell , who previously worked with Brosnan on his debut James Bond film , GoldenEye .
Four matching cabinet @-@ bookshelves with glass doors were set in each corner of the room with silk scarves hanging from each .
These winds brought dry , dust filled air over the bay with mean particulate @-@ matter doubling over the region .
BAR fitted their cars with a revised aerodynamic package which included new bargeboards and rear wings .
Although the ramparts were low , they were well protected with a double wet ditch , a high thorny hedge reinforced with stakes and a wooden stockade and fire @-@ step .
Due to technical problems with a pump station , there was no water pressure in the city when the fire started .
The commercial success of " I Need a Beat " , along with the Beastie Boys ' single " Rock Hard " ( 1984 ) , helped lead Def Jam to a distribution deal with Columbia Records the following year .
To obtain ships suitable for traditional battlecruiser roles , such as scouting for fleets and hunting enemy raiders , he settled on ships with the minimal armour of a light cruiser and the armament of a battlecruiser .
 Even as she was being built , Furious was modified with a large hangar capable of housing ten aircraft on her forecastle that replaced the forward turret .
73 Squadron RAF , in Liverpool on 7 November and sailed for Takoradi , Gold Coast on 15 November where they were flown off or off @-@ loaded on 27 November with the ultimate destination of Egypt .
 On 30 August , Furious left Belfast with a load of 49 Hurricanes , carrying three Fulmars of 800 Squadron and four Sea Hurricane IBs of 880A Squadron for self @-@ defence , and nine Swordfish of 812 Squadron for Ark Royal .
The Barracudas , heavily loaded with bombs of up to 1 @,@ 600 @-@ pound ( 730 kg ) , launched using a wooden ramp : an early example of what was to be later named the ski @-@ jump .
During the match , Triple H choked Batista with a chain and hit him in the back with a steel chair wrapped with barbed wire .
Britney Spears ' character lip syncs to the song in her room with a brush in her hand , pretending its a microphone .
 In the words of jockey Sam Chifney , Waxy was a " handsome , rich bay , with a white stocking on the off @-@ hind [ right ] leg , good length , and especially beautiful quarters . "
During Jennings 's second term the state government continued to support public improvements , with new road construction and expanded settlement into central Indiana .
Tanzler showered Hoyos with gifts of jewelry and clothing , and allegedly professed his love to her , but no evidence has surfaced to show that any of his affection was reciprocated by Hoyos .
Tanzler attached the corpse 's bones together with wire and coat hangers , and fitted the face with glass eyes .
A coalition of sugarcane growers , named Big Sugar , she accused of polluting Lake Okeechobee by pumping water tainted with chemicals , human waste , and garbage back into the lake , which served as the fresh water source for the Miami metropolitan area .
He settled with his family in around 874 , at a place he named " Bay of Smokes " , or Reykjavík in Icelandic .
Immigration to the United States and Canada began in earnest in the 1870s , with most migrants initially settling in the Great Lakes area .
This was bettered two days later in Vancouver with a crowd of 6 @,@ 000 , with even the street outside the Georgia Street Auditorium packed with Tory partisans .
To the shock of St. Laurent staffers , who remained for the Diefenbaker appearance , the PC leader drew an overflow crowd of over a thousand that evening , even though he was an hour late , with announcements made to the excited crowd that he was slowed by voters who wanted only to see him or shake his hand .
García Márquez compiled this story through interviews with a young sailor who survived the shipwreck .
The first serious attempt to drain the area to the south west of Boston , now known as the Black Sluice Area but formerly known as the Lindsey Level , was from 1635 to 1638 , when the Earl of Lindsey agreed with the Commissioners of Sewers for Lincolnshire to carry out drainage works which would make 36 @,@ 000 acres ( 150 km2 ) of land available for agricultural use .
The Earl of Lindsey 's contract with the Commissioners of Sewers was revoked by parliament , and it was another hundred years before the next attempt to drain the area .
 Rostock served with the High Seas Fleet as a leader of torpedo boat flotillas for the duration of her career .
The mathematician Georges Ifrah notes that simple " tricks " with string and stakes can be used to lay out geometric shapes , such as ellipses and right angles .
Hooper made his feature film debut with Red Dust ( 2004 ) , a British drama starring Hilary Swank and Chiwetel Ejiofor , before directing Helen Mirren again in the Company Pictures / HBO Films historical drama Elizabeth I ( 2005 ) .
 " The moor of Kersal was in the time of the Romans , perhaps in that of the Britons before them , and for many ages after both , a thicket of oaks and a pasture for hogs ; and the little knolls , that so remarkably diversify the plain , and are annually covered with mingled crowds rising in ranks over ranks to the top , were once the occasional seats of the herdsmen that superintended these droves into the woods . "
 Manchu shamans typically wore an apron , a feathered cap denoting their ability to fly to the spirit world , and a belt with dangling bells , and carried a knife , two wooden sticks with bells affixed to the top , and a drum they used during ceremonies .
 The Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection , now the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection has been stocking the lake with walleye since 1993 .
New animals include Ellie the elephant , who can suck up water in her trunk to spray enemies with , and Parry the " parallel bird " , who flies directly above the player @-@ characters and can be used to collect out @-@ of @-@ reach items .
 Archaeological artifacts date the Missoula Valley 's earliest inhabitants to the end of the last ice age 12 @,@ 000 years ago with settlements as early as 3500 BCE .
The narrow valley at Missoula 's eastern entrance was so strewn with human bones from repeated ambushes that French fur trappers would later refer to this area as Porte de l 'Enfer , translated as " Gate of Hell " .
In 2007 , a downward spiral of Missoula 's lumber industry began with the closure of a plywood plant in Bonner , the closure of Bonner 's sawmill in 2008 , and the closing of the Smurfit @-@ Stone Container pulp mill in 2010 .
With an intake dam built in 1901 with a settling basin capacity of 3 million US gallons ( 11 @,@ 000 m3 ) , the Rattlesnake Creek continued to meet demands of the city until 1935 when five wells were added to respond to increased summer and fall demand .
The chromosomes are packed within the nucleus in complex with storage proteins called histones to form a unit called a nucleosome .
López ended his Red Sox tenure with a string of 152 straight games without a save , the longest stretch for a Red Sox pitcher since Rheal Cormier had 160 in 1995 and from 1999 – 2000 .
For the majority of his reign , there was no widespread dissatisfaction with the emperor or his rule .
Besides Jay @-@ Z , Beyoncé was able to work with Jamaican artist Sean Paul , American rapper Missy Elliott , among others .
 In the city the population was spread out with 31 @.
The three species of raven are more heavily set with a broader chest than the two crow species , with the forest raven the stockiest of all .
 Nests are generally large and untidy , consisting of a bowl or platform of sticks lined with grasses , barks , and feathers that can be up to 5 cm ( 2 @.
One of the earliest descriptions of a virus @-@ infected plant can be found in a poem written by the Japanese Empress Kōken ( 718 – 770 ) , in which she describes a plant in summer with yellowing leaves .
When the Spanish finally entered the capital in the summer of 1521 , they saw it strewn with the bodies of smallpox victims .
He nevertheless decided to help the boy and injected him with increasingly virulent rabid rabbit spinal tissue over the following 10 days .
 In the summer of 2011 , Wood was reported to have rekindled her relationship with Jamie Bell , five years after they first broke up .
Finally , the station offered considerable improvements in living conditions over previous outposts , with machinery being soundproofed , the crews being provided with designated ' cots ' for sleeping and the equipping of the station with a shower and extensive gymnasium .
On references or " easter eggs " in the series , Rosenberg explained that " A little is always there and in the writer ’ s room we have some fanboys that know all this stuff and they ’ re all geeking out with different stuff .... a lot of references are to the [ Alias comic ] . "
Success followed with a string of notable hits credited to the duo , including " A Fool in Love " , " River Deep – Mountain High " ( 1966 ) , " Proud Mary " ( 1971 ) and " Nutbush City Limits " ( 1973 ) , a song which she herself wrote .
In the early 1980s , she launched a major comeback with another string of hits , starting in 1983 with the single " Let 's Stay Together " followed by the 1984 release of her fifth solo album Private Dancer which became a worldwide success . "
He first got involved in lacrosse at about the age of 12 or 13 when his sister brought home the Brine Lightning stick that he began to play with .
But with the UN forces spread thinly across Korea , a 15 mi ( 24 km ) gap was left between the US 24th Division and ROK 1st Division , leaving the Korean left flank unprotected .
Emily Mackay of NME wrote that the song was a " inevitable big ballad with acoustic guitar ( complete with audible string scrapes ) soft piano keys and intimate melancholy , building into a massive power @-@ balladish chorus " which she also compared with " If I Were a Boy " ( 2008 ) by American singer Beyoncé Knowles .
There was also evidence of fine @-@ scale genetic structure , with plants tending to be more closely related to nearby plants than to more distant plants .
During the summer of 1209 , Hugh , along with his brother , was one of the councilors of King John urging the king to settle with Pope Innocent III before the pope excommunicated the king .
 With two outs in the 9th inning of a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on May 28 , 1998 , Bonds became only the fifth player in baseball history to be given an intentional walk with the bases loaded .
Jack Rodgers , from TV Guide said that his " favorite thing about this episode was the sly parallel that connects the three love stories " and " Michael ’ s obsession with sticking to his old methods rather than learning to change and embrace technology " .
Live performances of " Box Elder " has also been included on the compilation reissues Slanted and Enchanted : Luxe & Reduxe and Wowee Zowee : Sordid Sentinels Edition , with the version on the latter beginning with a short jam session .
The animators created nine different versions of Rapunzel before finally settling on a design with which they were satisfied .
According to Zur , he intentionally made most of the soundtrack feel " dark " , combining low brass and bass string instruments with ancient drums to express a feeling that is both heroic and demonic .
The DLC packs are both story @-@ based and content @-@ based , and added in elements that were cut from the base game , such as Shale , a stone @-@ based companion who always gets stuck in doors and causes trouble with the camera system .
The ships were designed with two superimposed hangars ; the upper hangar was about 200 meters ( 656 ft 2 in ) long and had a width that varied between 18 @.
Of the two draws , one was washed out and in the other , Queensland hung on with two wickets in hand when time ran out .
Scutt laid out three more streets nearby at the same time : Carlton Mews , Carlton Row and Woburn Place were narrow roads crowded with small houses , stables and workshops .
When the boats , loaded with the first wave of British troops , were challenged , a French @-@ speaking officer , either a Captain Fraser or Captain Donald McDonald of the 78th Fraser Highlanders , was able to answer the challenge in excellent French , allaying suspicion .
Saunders had staged a diversionary action off Montmorency , firing on the shore emplacements through the night and loading boats with troops , many of them taken from field hospitals ; this preoccupied Montcalm .
 On the morning of 13 September , Wolfe 's army formed a line first with their backs to the river , then spread out across the Plains with its right anchored by the bluff along the St. Lawrence and its left by a bluff and thick wood above the St. Charles River .
Forced to leave Massachusetts , the family settled with many of her mother 's supporters on Aquidneck Island in the Narragansett Bay , establishing the settlement of Portsmouth , which soon became a part of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
 Behavior is known mainly from the marsh rice rat and O. couesi , with some scattered data from the other species .
When legislation aimed at providing relief to the state 's debtors was struck down by the Kentucky Court of Appeals , supporters of the legislation in the General Assembly passed a bill abolishing the Court and creating a new court , which they stocked with sympathetic justices .
The storm only skirted the state with showers ; a rainfall total of 12 @.
The phrase " spoken for " really stuck with me . "
The part where Osbourne forces Flynn 's arm into the fryer was done with a rubber arm made to double Faulkner 's arm .
 The Arab army was well @-@ provisioned , with Arab accounts reporting high mounds of supplies piled up in their camp , and had even brought along wheat to sow and harvest the next year .
Focussing predominately on songs from Spirit ( 2007 ) and Glassheart ( 2012 ) , the concert was largely acoustic music with a band and string quartet .
Both he and Morgan walked to load the bases with one out .
The music video begins with Birdman giving Minaj a stack of money to carry to an unknown area in the desert .
A source told Digital Spy , " Marsden has a score to settle with Phil .
Shrubs such as common snowberry , bearbrush , greenleaf manzanita , sticky whiteleaf manzanita , deerbrush , and Pacific poison oak make up the understory of the forest , along with herbaceous plants such as creeping snowberry and Idaho fescue .
The rooms were soon overcrowded with random assortments of people unrelated to each other , and with little attention paid to hygiene or public health .
Most lawsuits were settled with non @-@ disclosed terms .
The record is a collection of pop ballads Shakira wrote since she was eight years old , with themes inspired from the experience hanging out with males , adventure stories , and dreams of living on the coast .
Entering Sweet Sixteen round with four strong contenders spread across four regions , there was talk of the conference matching or surpassing the 1985 Big East Conference performance with three final four entrants .
After the group escapes from jail , Peter remarks that he is filled with hunger , and would like to stop at a " Burger Queen " or " McDaniels " along the way back to Quahog , a reference to the American fast food restaurants Burger King and McDonalds , as indicated by Quagmire .
On 11 February the investigation revealed that turkey products were still being transported , in both directions , between the plant and Hungary with EU regulations being cited as the reason why a transport ban could not be imposed .
They faced a partisan atmosphere with a mostly Spanish crowd and a Spanish speaking referee in Héctor Ortiz who was unwilling to punish dirty play from the Spanish players .
With the help of writer Rob Bagchi , he released his autobiography entitled Determined in August 2007 , published by Headline , and with a foreword by actor James Nesbitt .
He helped found the Republican Party in 1854 , but about then broke with Seward and Weed , backing other presidential candidates against Seward at the 1860 Republican National Convention , and supporting the nominee , Abraham Lincoln .
Greeley , in addition to promoting Fourierism in the Tribune , was associated with two such settlements , both of which eventually failed , though the town that eventually developed on the site of the one in Pennsylvania was after his death renamed Greeley .
 The Kansas @-@ Nebraska Act helped destroy the Whig Party , but a new party with opposition to the spread of slavery at its heart had been under discussion for some years .
 Although he remained on cordial terms with Senator Seward , Greeley never seriously considered supporting him in his bid for the Republican nomination for president .
 Throughout the war , Greeley played with ideas as to how to settle it .
During 1931 – 32 he was a Guggenheim Fellow at the University of Göttingen , where he studied the spectra of triatomic molecules , particularly carbon dioxide , with James Franck .
Sir Joseph Hooker , who had sailed south with James Clark Ross in 1839 – 43 , was of the same opinion , and thought the risks were not worth taking .
Another theory points to climate change , noting that approximately 12 @,@ 500 years ago , the grasses characteristic of a steppe ecosystem gave way to shrub tundra , which was covered with unpalatable plants .
After settling his contract dispute with Fox , Duchovny quit full @-@ time participation in the show after the seventh season .
@ 3 kg ( 100 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
Colin was later hanging out with Sal .
There were also art exhibits made from recyclable material including a " life @-@ size mannequin made from crushed and colored milk containers strung together with pipe cleaners " .
 Sandsfoot Castle was built from Portland stone with ashlar facings and a rubble core .
Albert Hofmann , who collected the first plants with Wasson , objected to the new plant being given the name divinorum :
The plant grows to well over 1 metre ( 3 ft ) in height , on hollow square stems which tend to break or trail on the ground , with the plant rooting quite readily at the nodes and internodes .
 Eros International released the DVD of Ra.One on 13 December 2011 across all regions in one @-@ disc and two @-@ disc packs complying with the NTSC format .
7 @,@ 500 advance readers ' copies were sent out , a limited number wrapped in paper and sealed with wax .
One field would be sown with a winter crop , the second with a spring crop , and the third left fallow .
These differ by the route that carbon dioxide takes to the Calvin cycle , with C3 plants fixing CO2 directly , while C4 and CAM photosynthesis incorporate the CO2 into other compounds first , as adaptations to deal with intense sunlight and dry conditions .
Simon Leng has identified genuine friendship as being key to the success of Harrison and Shankar 's relief project : the friendship between the two of them that saw the ex @-@ Beatle become involved , and the friendships Harrison had cultivated with Dylan , Clapton and Starr that ensured their participation .
In the course of looking for grazing areas , they had come in contact in southern Philistia with the inhabitants of the settled countryside .
 " Abraham leads Isaac towards the altar ; or Isaac approaches with the bundle of sticks , Abraham having preceded him to the place of offering .... Abraham is upon a pedestal and Isaac stands near at hand , both figures in orant attitude .... Abraham is shown about to sacrifice Isaac while the latter stands or kneels on the ground beside the altar .
Main Line ( B52 ) , 1 – 0 Playing against the then World Champion in a game he considers one of the best in his career , Carlsen sacrifices a pawn to leave Black with a cramped position , leading to his resignation at move 30 .
Sudirman 's body was brought to Semaki Heroes ' Cemetery on foot , with a crowd of mourners 2 kilometres ( 1 @.
Humber entered the next game against the Texas A & M Aggies with the bases loaded and surrendered a first @-@ pitch grand slam to Justin Ruggiano .
 Wright 's career came to an end in 1688 with the expulsion of King James II during the Glorious Revolution .
Territorial interactions are usually settled without physical contact , but in high @-@ intensity encounters or nest defense , physical interactions with the feet or bill have been observed .
As Bell explained , " I hang out with Hayden quite a bit — they never take pictures of me .
Peter Hartlaub of the San Francisco Chronicle gave the film four out of four stars , saying " Ratatouille never overwhelms , even though it 's stocked with action , romance , historical content , family drama and serious statements about the creation of art . "
It is distributed in a number of separate populations in the northeastern and southwestern Atlantic , off southern Africa , in the northwestern and eastern Pacific , and around Australia and New Zealand , with scattered reports from equatorial regions .
His distaste for the Boers stemmed in part from their depiction as a ' mixed ' race , descended from various European stock and intermarried with African locals .
 In December 1933 , Butler toured the country with James E. Van Zandt to recruit members for the Veterans of Foreign Wars ( VFW ) .
After Overcast broke up in 1998 , bassist Mike D 'Antonio jammed with Aftershock guitarist Adam Dutkiewicz .
D 'Antonio said in an interview that " after three years of hanging out with the dude , and considering him a brother , to just get an email was a little bit harsh . "
From there , the two began to jam together with a view to releasing an album .
Writers Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio knew that with an ensemble cast , they weren 't free to invent totally different situations and characters , as with the Indiana Jones and James Bond series , and so had to retroactively turn The Curse of the Black Pearl into the first of a trilogy .
Oliphant secured the services of a fellow Australian physicist , Harrie Massey , who had been working for the Admiralty on magnetic mines , along with James Stayers and Stanley Duke , who had worked with him on the cavity magnetron .
His jamming on a piano with McCartney in 1963 led to the creation of the Beatles ' first US number one , " I Want to Hold Your Hand " .
Bower promised to retain the return to traditional Neighbours values , but with an injection of drama that remains recognisable and relevant .
Both women had been beaten , raped , sodomized , and strangled with nylon stockings .
Beginning at about 2 : 45 am he bludgeoned Margaret Bowman , 21 , with a piece of oak firewood as she slept , then garroted her with a nylon stocking .
The previously small core of Blanca dramatically expanded to 65 mi ( 100 km ) across , with convection asymmetrically wrapping around it .
The second clone , Davie Poplar III , was planted in conjunction with the university 's bicentennial celebration in 1993 by President Bill Clinton .
 Rap @-@ Up stated that Minaj " slows down her rapid @-@ fire verses on the sticky and sweet " Your Love " ... with a sprinkling of Auto @-@ Tune to top it off .
Quong Tart said Miles was " taken back " when he was faced with accusations of kissing Ruby .
The interior was well equipped with the tools to conduct anti @-@ submarine warfare : navigation , communication and tactical electronic equipment along with weapon loads that included bombs , torpedoes , mines and depth charges .
Four CL @-@ 44D4s were also built with swing @-@ tails to allow straight @-@ in cargo loading and served with a variety of carriers , most notably Flying Tiger Line .
 Departure times for these flights as specified during booking are by definition approximate , with the settlement service optimized on the fly depending on local demand for a given day .
With the coal piles destroyed and the threat of mines in the harbor , von Spee saw no meaningful purpose in making a landing .
In January 1918 , Henry R. Mallory became the first transport to sail from the Newport News embarkation port , when — loaded with eight aero squadrons — she sailed on 17 January .
Soon after regaining the lead on stage twelve , she retired with a broken oil pump .
With a string of top @-@ ten times , she eventually finished 16th .
In Monte Carlo , she was running in eighth place after eleven stages , but soon retired with oil pump problems .
Borislow subsequently filed an injunction that would force the league into arbitration rather than settling the matter with the league ’ s Board of Governors .
 The Gemini spacecraft would have rendezvoused with stacked Centaur and Agena upper stages in low Earth orbit .
Until the late 1970s , the entire top was illuminated , changing color with changes in barometric pressure to provide a weather indicator that could be seen for many miles .
 Gulf promoted the concept of branded product sales by selling gasoline in containers and from pumps marked with a distinctive orange disc logo .
Chevron , to settle with the government antitrust requirements , sold some Gulf stations and a refinery in the eastern United States to British Petroleum ( BP ) and Cumberland Farms in 1985 as well as some of the international operations .
He was appointed a land commissioner and tasked with promoting settlement in the area purchased by John T. Mason .
In many cases , " these stories were pure melodrama , with Bowie rescuing some naïve planter 's son or damsel in distress . "
He sent out messengers to rally his scattered men with news that Bryennios had been killed , showing his parade horse as evidence .
The album was recorded at Levon Helm 's Woodstock studio with Garth Hudson and members of Waters 's touring band .
 As a solo act with backing musicians , Butterfield continued to tour and recorded the misguided and overproduced Put It in Your Ear in 1976 and North South in 1981 , with strings , synthesizers , and pale funk arrangements .
With contemporaries Ozwald Boateng and Richard James , he launched the New Bespoke Movement , which brought a fashion designer approach to Savile Row craftsmanship .
It closes with a string outro that uses the chord progression F ♭ – G ♭ – B ♭ ♭ – C ♭ , which is arranged by Scottish composer Craig Armstrong .
[ ... ] It was really different to the other videos – shot entirely in the studio , with high technology and loads of effects .
The proceedings finally began in August 1828 , with Judge James Duane Doty presiding .
These laws include that all the dead are to be burned on a pyre on a burial mound with their possessions , and their ashes are to be brought out to sea or buried in the earth .
The first Di 3 ran on the Røros Line in 1964 , that had previously been denied due to bridges with insufficient axle load permits .
Others focussed on Peggy 's departure , with James McCarthy of the Western Mail writing that it would " doubtless remain the stuff of EastEnders ' legend for years to come , " and Jim Shelley calling it " a good way to go . "
Naomi Hunter , who injected Snake with the FoxDie virus , tells him that he has an indeterminate amount of time before it kills him .
 Music played in @-@ game has a synthetic feel with increased pace and introduction of strings during tense moments , with a looping style endemic to video games .
The exterior surface is crowded with spines that may be up to 0 @.
AC / DC and Bon Jovi played at the hill in 2009 , with the crowd for the AC / DC concert exceeding 70 @,@ 000 .
Saul Davies was first set to be the producer of the album , however , Davies was on tour with the band James at the time , making such collaboration impossible .
It was released in three formats : the physical standard edition , featuring 10 tracks ; the physical deluxe edition with 2 discs , the first disc featuring the standard 10 track listing plus a bonus remix of " Together 4ever " and the second disc , released in digipack format together with the other CD , featuring remixes of 8 songs from Beatsound Loverboy ; and the digital format featuring 10 tracks .
Over the phone , Walter directs Olivia to inject Peter with the correct compounds in order to save his life .
In a conference call interview with journalists , John Noble explained that " probably the best fun that I 've had [ on Fringe ] was doing the stuff with Chris Lloyd , because it was two crazy old guys just trying desperately to communicate with each other .
Then , in 1195 , there were widespread problems with law and order across England , including the South @-@ West , and on the basis of this Richard 's government decided to build a fortification for holding royal prisoners in Lydford , further along the west side of the town from the old castle , in a prestigious location next to the town 's church .
 The tower was a square , free @-@ standing building , 52 feet ( 16 m ) by 52 feet ( 16 m ) and at least two storeys tall ; in the 12th century the tower sat on flat ground with no mound around it .
It was the longest , biggest and heaviest project of its type then undertaken ; the Big and Little Big Inch pipelines were 1 @,@ 254 and 1 @,@ 475 miles long ( 2 @,@ 018 km and 2 @,@ 374 km ) respectively , with 35 pumping stations along their routes .
 An alternative mourning style is to wrap the spherical finial with black cloth and place a black ribbon , known as a mourning flag ( 弔旗 , Chō @-@ ki ) , above the flag .
The resulting spray mixed with ambient air and was ignited by a stray spark .
 The startup process and construction as a whole came to an end on August 1 , 1977 when the tanker ARCO Juneau sailed out of Valdez with the first load of oil from the Trans @-@ Alaska Pipeline System .
Crandall spread word of his success with Deere 's plow quickly , and two neighbors soon placed orders with Deere .
Fred and George Weasley appear , flying broomsticks and playing with fireworks .
Historian Lewis Collins notes that Breckinridge 's legislative career began during the national " Era of Good Feelings " , largely congruent with the presidency of James Monroe , when political disagreements were relatively few .
During the second sequence of the move , Guerrero grabbed Mysterio 's legs and achieved a position with his shoulders spread so as to win both a pinfall and the WWE Cruiserweight title .
I have no problem with that stuff .
 Fleury made his debut for the Avalanche the day after the trade and was met with loud cheers from the Denver crowd .
The Rangers presented him with a silver stick in honour of the achievement .
Coastal inhabitants were more likely to include seafood or seaweed in their meals , whilst those living inland would supplement their farmed cereals with the seeds of land weeds to ensure there was enough to eat .
 Welsh vineyards were first planted by Romans , but in the 1970s , modern vineyards were planted in South Wales with the intention of creating Welsh wine .
Following a ten @-@ year lapse , the society made arrangements with James Gregory of Jersey City and Daniel McIntyre of Philadelphia to finance a lottery " for raising a sum of money not exceeding twenty thousand dollars , for the purpose of erecting a suitable building for their accommodation , the purchase of library and Philosophical apparatus . "
These nine members tasked with rebuilding the society were James L. Armstrong , David Entler , William Harper , John C. Heiskell , Andrew Wodrow Kercheval , Samuel R. Lupton , James Parsons , Alfred P. White , and Robert White .
About 18 months later he went to work with James Hyde , with whom he stayed for a number of years .
The race was marked by a series of explosive punctures after cars made light contact with one another ; Michael Schumacher 's right @-@ rear tyre deflated on the first lap when he made contact with Jean @-@ Éric Vergne at the first corner ; Sergio Pérez suffered a puncture under similar circumstances when he glanced Daniel Ricciardo 's front wing , with the loose rubber damaging the floor of Pérez 's car enough that he was forced into retirement ; and Pastor Maldonado also had a tyre punctured when he and Kamui Kobayashi touched at speed on the approach to Turn 5 , forcing the Venezuelan to run wide onto the tarmac run @-@ off , but suffering no lasting damage .
Heavier elements than iron are formed during this explosion by neutron capture , and from the pressure of the neutrinos pressing into the boundary of the " neutrinosphere " , seeding the surrounding space with a cloud of gas and dust which is richer in heavy elements than the material from which the star originally formed .
If " , complete with strings , lyrically talks about men who don 't appreciate their female lovers until their relationship ends and they realize their mistakes . "
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
Most of the island is virtually untouched forest , with many of the plants and animals found nowhere else in the world .
There is also a small but clear link with the plants of Vanuatu .
 The flora of the island is relatively untouched with a large number of rare plants , 44 % being endemic to the island .
This is a lowland palm with drooping leaflets and seed branches in ' hands ' of 3 – 5 while the curly palm ( Howea belmoreana ) , which occurs on slightly higher ground , has upwardly directed leaflets and solitary ' hands ' .
As a result , 70 % of the island remains relatively untouched with a variety of plants and animals , many of which are endemic , some of which are rare or threatened .
Miguel and Manzanero produced the album , with Bebu Silvetti arranging the strings with additional contributions from 32 violinists under the direction of American conductor Ezra Kliger .
The 1930s stock was refurbished with the aim of extending its service by a further ten years .
Their review of Yoshi 's Island : Super Mario Advance 3 criticizes it more so than in the review of Super Mario Advance 2 because Nintendo chose not to add multiplayer to any of the mini @-@ games found in that game , sticking instead with an identical version of the Mario Bros. game found in previous versions .
 Although the majority of the forest areas around Pichilemu are covered with pine and eucalyptus plantations , a native forest ( now the Municipal Forest ) remains .
C. Northcote Parkinson considers the action " indecisive " but concurs with James ' assessment that Smith 's intervention could have resulted in a British victory but instead that " the first encounter of the war between the French and English in the East Indies had resulted in what was tantamount to defeat for the latter " .
Waterman personally ordered Earp and the crowd to comply with the court order .
With the spread of civilization , salt became one of the world 's main trading commodities .
In the Middle East , salt was used to ceremonially seal an agreement , and the ancient Hebrews made a " covenant of salt " with God and sprinkled salt on their offerings to show their trust in him .
The Bible tells the story of King Abimelech who was ordered by God to do this at Shechem , and various texts claim that the Roman general Scipio Aemilianus Africanus ploughed over and sowed the city of Carthage with salt after it was defeated in the Third Punic War ( 146 BC ) .
Some salt is produced using the Alberger process , which involves vacuum pan evaporation combined with the seeding of the solution with cubic crystals , and produces a grainy @-@ type flake .
Following his arrival at the Northern Neck Proprietary , Martin settled at Greenway Court with his uncle that autumn .
John Graves Simcoe was tasked with defending Upper Canada from America following the revolution and with opening the virgin territory to settlement .
With his mother struggling to cope , the nine @-@ year @-@ old Wilberforce was sent to a prosperous uncle and aunt with houses in both St James ' Place , London , and Wimbledon , at that time a village 7 miles ( 11 km ) south @-@ west of London .
Inspired in part by the utopian vision of Granville Sharp , they became involved in the establishment in 1792 of a free colony in Sierra Leone with black settlers from the United Kingdom , Nova Scotia and Jamaica , as well as native Africans and some whites .
His reception was repeated in Macroom when he visited Ireland , with crowds turning out to applaud him .
I often laid out twenty men myself with a stick coming from Macroom Fair , and it is a bad trial of Mick that he could kill only eight , and he having a rifle and bayonet . "
Despite his popularity with the crowds in London and Macroom , he was jeered by Ulster Volunteers at a recruitment drive in Ballaghaderrin during the autumn of 1915 .
@ 5 – 5 µm ; C. rubicundula , another North American species , which is similar in stature but has a reddish tint ; and Multiclavula mucida , a widespread lichenized species with smaller fruit bodies that occurs with its associated algae on moist wood .
In China , dyeing with plants , barks and insects has been traced back more than 5 @,@ 000 years .
He spent much of his time at his Staffordshire dye works mastering the processes of dyeing with plant materials and making experiments in the revival of old or discovery of new methods .
The track begins with an orchestral string section and timpani before settling into what NME called " reupholstered Warren G ' Regulate ' grooves " .
Naughright settled with the university for $ 300 @,@ 000 for its alleged failure in four incidents , and resigned from the school .
The Colts clinched the AFC 's third seed with the win .
Manning finished the season with 3 @,@ 747 passing yards , the first time he had thrown for under 4 @,@ 000 yards since his rookie season of 1998 , largely because Manning sat out much of the final two games with the top AFC seed clinched .
With the playoff seed secured , Manning only played the opening drive in a shutout against the division @-@ leading Titans in Week 17 .
Water quality is good , with little discharge of sewage and minimal chemical pesticides and fertilizers .
Two ' wetland bowls ' were designed , which have been planted with water @-@ loving plants such as reeds , rushes , sedges and iris .
In climates with significant heating loads , deciduous trees should not be planted on the Equator @-@ facing side of a building because they will interfere with winter solar availability .
The energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water , with the pump becoming a hydroelectric power generator .
Fraenger writes that the figures in Bosch 's work " are peacefully frolicking about the tranquil garden in vegetative innocence , at one with animals and plants and the sexuality that inspires them seems to be pure joy , pure bliss . "
 As transformer losses vary with load , it is often useful to express these losses in terms of no @-@ load loss , full @-@ load loss , half @-@ load loss , and so on .
 Distribution transformers can achieve low no @-@ load losses by using cores made with low @-@ loss high @-@ permeability silicon steel or amorphous ( non @-@ crystalline ) metal alloy .
As vocalist / bassist Araya said : " If he didn 't like you , he wouldn 't hang with you . "
 Marshall JCM800 1960 Cabinets , later ModeFour Speaker Cabinet , supposedly loaded with Celestion G12T @-@ 75 Speakers
The British government has faced criticism from academics and practitioners over the small number of refugees it has resettled in comparison with other developed states .
Research with Congolese refugees settled with North Lanarkshire Council in Motherwell has found that the majority want to stay in the town and that they view it positively both as a location in its own right , and in comparison with other resettlement locations .
One ethnic Karen refugee resettled with his family in Sheffield in 2006 , Kler Heh , signed a professional contract to play football for Sheffield United F.C.
 With the score tied and bases loaded with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , Mr. Burns elects to field a right @-@ handed hitter against a left @-@ handed pitcher and pinch hits Homer for Strawberry .
The argument ends with Aguilera spraying the men with a water hose , which she holds between her legs and parodies the male penis .
On the other hand , the Polish historian , Manteuffel writes that Béla and his two brothers , in contrast with the unanimous report of the Hungarian chronicles , arrived in Poland only with Casimir , after 1039 .
 Abe and Aaron repeat Abe 's six @-@ hour experiment multiple times over multiple days , making profitable same @-@ day stock trades armed with foreknowledge of the market 's performance .
 Homer and Marge wake on New Year 's Day with hangovers after the family 's New Year 's Eve celebration .
With growing crowd figures , the ground was expanded with the construction of the West stand at the turn of the twentieth century , and the construction of the Polam Lane end in 1905 .
The song was written by Kara DioGuardi , in collaboration with Daniel James , and produced by Dreamlab . "
Barley was in London by 1587 , having completed an apprenticeship with the Drapers ' Company in that year .
This is probably due to the Stationers ' feud with the Drapers ' ; the Stationers ' viewed the ability of non @-@ members to enter works into the register as a special privilege .
 In early 1937 , Tătărescu rejected the proposal of Józef Beck , Poland 's Minister of Foreign Affairs , to withdraw Romania 's support for Czechoslovakia and attempt a reconciliation with Hungary ( the following year , Romania withdrew its support for the former , indicating , just before the Munich Agreement , that it was not in a position to guarantee Czechoslovakia 's frontiers ) .
Four of its C @-@ 130Hs were equipped with Electronic Warfare Self Protection packs , including radar and missile warning systems , and countermeasures such as chaff and flares , in 1994 .
 The most critical factors in flowering and fruit set are physiological , having to do with the age of the plant and whether it already has developing fruit .
 Seeds with maximum germination potential develop ( in C. moschata ) by 45 days after anthesis , and seed weight reaches its maximum 70 days after anthesis .
In a seed batch with 90 percent germination rate , over 90 percent of the plants had sprouted after 29 days from planting .
It does not hybridize well with the other cultivated species as it has significantly different enzymes and chromosomes .
The pumpkins used for jack @-@ o @-@ lanterns are C. pepo , not to be confused with the ones typically used for pumpkin pie in the United States , which are C. moschata .
Kew Gardens marked Halloween in 2013 with a display of pumpkins , including a towering pyramid made of many varieties of squash , in the Waterlily House during its " IncrEdibles " festival .
 Most importantly , the High Speed Photometer was replaced with the COSTAR corrective optics package , and WFPC was replaced with the Wide Field and Planetary Camera 2 ( WFPC2 ) with an internal optical correction system .
Juveniles generally inhabit rocky habitats at a depth of 0 – 4 m ( 0 – 13 ft ) with dense plant cover , especially the surf grass Phyllospadix torreyi .
 The diet of the juveniles is varied , but comprises mostly amphipods and isopods , together with coralline algae and the plant Phyllospadix .
The sound of later Linkin Park albums would involve experimentation with classical instruments such as strings and piano , both of which , along with the same elements of electronica from Hybrid Theory , are prominently included in the band 's second studio album Meteora .
The bird sometimes feigns death and hangs limply with eyes closed .
While he considered altering the ending , he eventually settled with his original idea .
 The Indian Princess ; or , La Belle Sauvage , is a musical play with a libretto by James Nelson Barker and music by John Bray , based on the Pocahontas story as originally recorded in John Smith 's The Generall Historie of Virginia ( 1624 ) .
According to Gaspar , the song initially developed out of a jam session he had with Vedder in Hawaii shortly after the two first met .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Australia , Japan , and North America in 2003 .
At many shows during the 2003 North American tour , Vedder performed " Bu $ hleaguer " with a rubber mask of George W. Bush , wearing it at the beginning of the song and then hanging it on a mic stand to allow him to sing .
Following a performance of the song at Pearl Jam 's April 30 , 2003 show in Uniondale , New York at the Nassau Coliseum , the band was met with boos from the crowd and chants of " U @-@ S @-@ A. "
Bill Gibron of DVD Talk called it a " jest fest loaded with insight into the human heart and hilarious over @-@ the @-@ top goofiness . "
When feeding , the birds hang with raised wings and patter on the surface with their feet , but , unlike the Wilson 's storm petrel , do not look as if they are walking on the water .
Nevertheless , Jack Fingleton later claimed that Jardine could still have brought the crowds onto his side by exchanging jokes or pleasantries with them .
Instead , he embarked , according to Le Quesne , to win the Tests and settle personal scores with the Australians .
The warehouses were of timber @-@ frame design , with load @-@ bearing hand @-@ made brick walls , supported on cast iron posts .
In 1867 the Fletchers built a private railway line and the Bedford Basin with facilities for loading coal from Howe Bridge onto barges .
 Having honed his personal style as a young man , and sticking broadly with it for the rest of his career , Massenet does not , as some other composers do , lend himself to classification into clearly defined early , middle and late periods .
 When Driberg returned to Britain in March 1942 he found widespread public dissatisfaction with the government 's conduct of the war .
 Sleaford was primarily an agricultural town until the 20th century , supporting a cattle market , with seed companies , such as Hubbard and Phillips , and Sharpes International Seeds , being established in the late 19th century .
Slezak described the episode as " jam @-@ packed with terrific song @-@ and @-@ dance numbers " , and Votta wrote that " the musical numbers themselves were strong , fantastical and poignant to the story " .
After seeing the video , Jimmy Iovine , co @-@ founder of Interscope Records , decided to work with James Cameron to produce other 3 @-@ D music presentations .
The hostelry 's clientele transcended race , with natives and settlers enjoying each other 's company .
Brown inked the pre @-@ Vortex stories with a brush ; when he committed himself to a regular schedule , he felt inking with a brush would be too slow , and switched to cheap markers or pencils to increase his productivity .
 In stores , Yummy Fur was often wrapped in plastic with " adults only " labels on it .
 As a hadrosaurid , Parasaurolophus was a large bipedal / quadrupedal herbivore , eating plants with a sophisticated skull that permitted a grinding motion analogous to chewing .
The track features mainly guitar and bass , along with string arrangements and 1970s synthesizers reminiscent of Zapp and The Gap Band .
At this point on the west side of the Navigation , there was a large tar distillation works and it is probable that this road connected that works with a tip or further chemical plant on the east side .
The team was the brainchild of a pair of Americans who recruited individuals with strong sprinting ability from the Jamaican military to form the team .
The pair , along with Devon Harris and Chris Stokes crashed in the four man event , but were met with cheers from the crowd as they pushed their sled across the finish line .
This guerrilla war against foreigners , Christianity and political corruption quickly spread throughout the island and was principally conducted by peasants who wore shawls smeared with the red laterite soil of the highlands .
Many of the shows would center around a tour of the band 's history to that point , featuring a song ( or part of a longer song ) for each album before wrapping up the regular set with several from Octavarium Combined with interviews , rehearsals during soundcheck and meet @-@ and @-@ greet sessions with fans , the band became physically and mentally drained .
Win Fanning , a syndicated columnist , stated that : " the comedy writing and performances by a beautifully integrated cast give Temperatures a bright , light quality so seldom achieved in a situation comedy " , and that it was : " loaded with one @-@ liners and sight gags , which , if kept on the level of the opener , promise many hours of hilarity " .
With mediation from Ibrahim Sabbagh , Zahir 's financial adviser , Zahir settled his dispute with Sa 'id , granting the latter control over Tur 'an and Hittin .
Rolling Stone called the single " a soaring ballad featuring Timberlake 's falsetto , with verses and choruses that pile on top of one another with dizzying effect . "
These boilers were coal @-@ burning with auxiliary oil sprayers .
Ceremonially , construction began when Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson pulled a lever that signalled a front @-@ end loader to dump the first batch of fill to enlarge Saint Helen 's Island , and Quebec premier Jean Lesage spread the fill with a bulldozer .
Use of the ski jump allowed the aircraft to take off from a short flight deck with a heavier loadout than otherwise possible , although it can also take off like a conventional loaded fighter without thrust vectoring from a normal airport runway .
Furthermore , the Sea Harriers were subject to a generally more hostile environment than land @-@ based Harriers , with corrosive salt spray a particular problem .
It builds a nest of thin sticks lined with grass and bark high in trees in spring ; generally eucalypts are chosen and never isolated ones .
Tourism has supplanted this to a certain extent with a modern marina providing support for river cruisers and watersports facilities and the town is an important angling centre , with particular attraction for pike anglers .
It is certainly known to have been constructed with money from the sugar plantations in Cuba .
After experimenting with country , pop rock , and electronic music , Kesha stuck with the latter .
 Among less positive commentaries , Pitchfork described the album as being " stuffed with queasy midtempo tracks and bizarre orchestration " although they did say that the album was not impenetrable , ultimately giving it an 8 @.
Similarly , " Chocolate " is " packed with saccharine innuendo " . "
The British steamer Dulcie , listed at 2 @,@ 033 gross register tons ( GRT ) , was headed from Dunston for Le Havre with a load of coal when Becker torpedoed her 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6 @.
National Rail services link the Altrincham and Navigation Road stations with Chester via Northwich , and with Manchester via Stockport .
In the first phase , completed in 2007 , an elevator and additional facilities were installed for improved disabled accessibility , along with a new fire sprinkler system and replacement of the building 's climate control system ( HVAC ) .
They are described in the book at various points as " hideous in their savagery , wearing only the loin cloth , and with their kinky hair stuck full of sticks " , and as " wild , savage and ferocious ... like little red apes " . "
In contrast , Lightbown says " the figures on the cup are broad , some might even be called stocky , with soft drapery of cylindrical form , or of smooth , tight outlines .
A tonsured priest with an aspergil for sprinkling holy water and an acolyte with a cross attend , with Emerentiana with halo to the left , and Agnes ' mother to the right .
The lyrics of the song speak about " hanging out with friends and having fun . "
 Eyre served with James King in the Caribbean during the American War of Independence , seeing action in a number of engagements .
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line , and on 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold at auction ; the most expensive lot sold was the 37 @-@ yard ( 34 m ) platform of Waddesdon Road station , which fetched £ 7 10s ( about £ 1 @,@ 070 in 2016 ) .
She ends up destroying his bike , and later hangs out with him for the rest of the night .
Throughout November 30 , the storm quickly strengthened as it brushed the western tip of Cuba with winds of 50 mph ( 85 km / h ) .
Paranoid Android ' used to have this appalling , ten @-@ minute , Brian Auger Hammond solo at the end of it , which went on and on , with Jonny just jamming .
It includes several songs written some years earlier , including " True Love Waits " ( which dates to at least 1995 ) along with strings and choral vocals performed by the London Contemporary Orchestra and additional percussion from Deamer .
By the summer of 1884 , cattle men resorted to vigilatism to deal with rustlers and the first recorded hanging occurred at Fort Maginnis on July 3 , 1884 , when Reese Anderson , a DHS ranch foreman , and several other ranch hands hanged Sam McKenzie for horse thievery .
With the tacit approval of the stockgrower 's associations , Granville Stuart organized a small intelligence network and mobilized forces to go after the thieves .
, Montana 's Righteous Hangmen : The Vigilantes in Action stems from Callaway 's association with vigilante Captain James William in the late 1800s .
 Biographer Volka Skierka described Castro 's government as a " highly individual , socialist @-@ nationalist " fidelista " system " , with Theodore Draper terming his approach " Castroism " , viewing it as a blend of European socialism with the Latin American revolutionary tradition .
 In a guest column for The New York Times , author Erica Jong called Koen 's work a " well @-@ researched , workmanlike historical novel [ ... ] of the sort that Kathleen Winsor or Thomas B. Costain used to write : packed with details of costume , architecture and cuisine , populated by rudimentary paper @-@ doll characters , full of undigested Continued on next page gobbets of research . "
The storm brushed Okinawa with gusts of 135 km / h ( 84 mph ) .
It cuts through most of Allegheny National Forest , and is therefore sparsely populated , with the largest settlement along the road being Endeavor .
His body was smeared with sacred ash .
 The product improvement program kit replaced the original steel tubular stock with a plastic stock based upon the shape of the heavier M240 machine gun .
The Army 's Rapid Fielding Initiative is in the process of replacing the original collapsible buttstock with an adjustable model based loosely on the design of the M4 carbine buttstock .
They are currently working on replacing the M249 's buttstock with a redesigned adjustable stock .
Profumo continued his association with the settlement for the remainder of his life , at first in a menial capacity , then as administrator , fund @-@ raiser , council member , chairman and finally president .
The plant is a peaking power plant with two separate generators , generating power for operations and distributing excess power to the local power grid .
Lacrosse sticks are also made with scandium .
Trees were planted in February 1954 by Queen Elizabeth II in a park near Sydney Harbour and at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra , marking either end of the route , with various plantations along the roadsides in memory of the fallen .
It was also released as an audiobook , read by Blair available for download and on 13 compact discs with a playing time of 16 hours .
Entering with a 3 – 1 lead against the New York Yankees in the eighth inning , he loaded the bases without recording an out .
 Owing to a computer malfunction , the remaining soldier awakens with amnesia in a cryo @-@ tube on the medical deck of the Von Braun , being implanted with an illegal cyber neural interface .
The area 's population dropped from about 3 @,@ 000 in 1755 at the start of the war to about 300 , with most settlers not returning until after 1764 when the peace treaty was signed .
The triremes in Marathon were packed with 30 additional marines , for the purposes of the campaign .
In May 2001 , near Nola , Italian archaeologists using the technique of filling every cavity with plaster or substitute compound recovered some remarkably well @-@ preserved forms of perishable objects , such as fence rails , a bucket and especially in the vicinity thousands of human footprints pointing into the Apennines to the north .
 By 2003 , around 1 @,@ 044 casts made from impressions of bodies in the ash deposits had been recovered in and around Pompeii , with the scattered bones of another 100 .
AllMusic contributor Steve Huey praises the lyricists for their originality and caustic humor , stating " Some were outsized , theatrical personalities , others were cerebral storytellers and lyrical technicians , but each had his own distinctive style ... Every track on Enter the Wu @-@ Tang is packed with fresh , inventive rhymes , which are filled with martial arts metaphors , pop culture references ( everything from Voltron to Lucky Charms cereal commercials to Barbra Streisand 's " The Way We Were " ) , bizarre threats of violence , and a truly twisted sense of humor . "
 Following Enter the Wu @-@ Tang 's success , the individual members of the group negotiated and signed solo contracts with a variety of different labels : Method Man signed with Def Jam , Ol ' Dirty Bastard with Elektra , GZA with Geffen Records , and Ghostface Killah with Epic Records .
Hunting nocturnally or crepuscularly , this bird can target its prey and dive to the ground , penetrating its talons through snow , grass or brush to seize small creatures with deadly accuracy .
A defensive attitude involves lying flat on the ground or crouching with wings spread out .
As the Jacobite cause was by then lost , with the army scattered and the prince and his lieutenants in hiding , the money was to be used to assist the Jacobite clansmen ( then being subjected to the brutalities of the government forces of the Duke of Cumberland ) and to facilitate the escape of leading Jacobites to the continent .
After France ruled for 100 years ( with little settlement in this area ) , it was defeated by Great Britain in the French and Indian War ( Seven Years ' War ) and ceded its territory east of the Mississippi .
Mississippian houses were generally square @-@ shaped with plastered walls and thatched roofs .
The Jin settled for peace with the Song , but the Song continued to assist the Red Coats insurgency against the Jin .
The Mongols loaded their catapults with large stones or bombs of gunpowder , which were fired at the Jin fortifications .
One East Side beefsteak was reported to have consisted of " 3 @,@ 000 pounds ( 1 @,@ 400 kg ) of steak , 1 @,@ 500 pounds ( 680 kg ) of lamb chops , 425 pounds ( 193 kg ) of hamburger and 1 @,@ 300 pounds ( 590 kg ) of kidneys wrapped with bacon . "
There were nine shelters set up in the region , which became overcrowded with evacuees .
Though the Orb 's Monday night performances had only several hardcore followers initially , their chill @-@ out room act grew popular over the course of their six @-@ month stay to the point that the room was often packed with around 100 people .
The privateer was so successful that by the end of 1708 Port Royal was overcrowded with prisoners from the captured prizes .
The Undertaker then hit Batista with a Tombstone Piledriver .
Tina Brown , Vanity Fair editor , quickly realized that there would be harsh backlash for regular distribution of the magazine ; the issue had to be wrapped in a white envelope with only Moore 's eyes visible .
 A retrospective review from Retro Gamer said that Sabre Wulf was " essentially an interactive maze " packed with colour and hack @-@ and @-@ slash gameplay .
 Austen Henry Layard ( 1853 ) : " ... the large Armenian convent of Yedi Klissia , or the seven churches , built of substantial stone masonry , and inclosing a spacious courtyard planted with trees .
Thomas claims that Larson had been turning the children into " monsters " with the drugs he had been injecting in them , which he claims to be unknown .
Mulder theorizes that Larson had been injecting the children with alien DNA , and convinces Mazeroski to round up all of the children who had been receiving treatment from Larson and hide them with the Church of the Red Museum .
He may have trained James Norie ( 1684 – 1757 ) , who with his sons James ( 1711 – 36 ) and Robert ( d .
 Plantin 's collection of original Garamond punches and matrices survives at the Plantin @-@ Moretus Museum in Antwerp , together with many other typefaces collected by Plantin from other typefounders of the period .
On September 19 , 1964 , the southbound Cannonball struck a truck loaded with concrete blocks at a crossing in Johnsonville .
Of these , roughly a third are paved and the rest are topped with crushed gravel or packed dirt .
From 1601 , in the last years of Elizabeth I 's life , certain English politicians — notably her chief minister Sir Robert Cecil — maintained a secret correspondence with James to prepare in advance for a smooth succession .
When Sir Walter Raleigh was released from imprisonment in 1616 , he embarked on a hunt for gold in South America with strict instructions from James not to engage the Spanish .
 Under James the Plantation of Ulster by English and Scots Protestants began , and the English colonisation of North America started its course with the foundation of Jamestown , Virginia , in 1607 .
The arms were frequently shown with James 's personal motto , Beati pacifici .
Some of the structures which have survived partially are the Bijay Mandal ( that is inferred to have housed the Hazar Sutan Palace , now destroyed ) , Begumpur Mosque , Serai Shaji Mahal , Lal Gumbad , Baradari with other nearby structures and scattered swathes of rubble masonry walls .
It is a typical Toghlaqi structure with an octagonal plan built in rubble masonry ( with massive battered sloping walls on east , west and southern directions ) on a raised platform with door ways in each cardinal direction .
When built with rubble masonry and plastered , the mosque had seven arched openings as the frontage , three bays depth wise and crowned by a sequence of low domes in typical Toghluqi architectural style .
The area surrounding this is scattered with decrepit gates , graves and a large slum area .
The ceiling of the tomb is well decorated with medallions in plaster on the spandrel of arches and within the parapets a merlon design .
Then he worked with researcher James Shields at the Maudsley – Bethlem hospital complex in London , using its twin registry to analyze traits of identical and fraternal twins at the lab of Eliot Slater , whom Gottesman met in Rome at the Second International Congress on Human Genetics in 1961 .
He co @-@ wrote the book with James Shields , who died before it was published .
It was the second time Utada worked with Jam and Lewis , and not with her father Teruzane Utada and Miyake Akira .
Previously , Barbados ( as a British colony ) constituted a major part of the West Indies Federation along with Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago , which sent a delegation to participate at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome .
The announcer ( Lieutenant Colonel Jay Brewer ) then states , usually in unison with the crowd , " Now forming at the north end of Kyle Field , the nationally famous Fightin ' Texas Aggie Band . "
 A small elite of black urbanites , mostly raised and educated at Christian missions , existed in Southern Rhodesia by the time of the war , and these generally identified themselves strongly with settler society and , by extension , the war effort .
Some impressive performances for the club earned him an invitation to practice with the Jamaica Colts team .
The firm were enthusiastic cricket patrons , allowing employees time off to play in matches , so that Headley was able to attend practice with the Jamaica team on a regular basis .
Another son , Lyndie , reached the semi @-@ finals of the 100 metres and came fourth in the 100 metres relay at the 1964 Olympics ; he also won a gold medal with Jamaican sprint relay teams in the Central American and Caribbean Games of 1966 and silver with the relay team at the Commonwealth Games of the same year .
The 24th group , Cryptogamia , included all plants with concealed reproductive parts , mosses , liverworts , ferns , algae and fungi .
The modern forms of the major staple foods , such as maize , rice , wheat and other cereal grasses , pulses , bananas and plantains , as well as flax and cotton grown for their fibres , are the outcome of prehistoric selection over thousands of years from among wild ancestral plants with the most desirable characteristics .
This relationship the indigenous people had with plants was recorded by ethnobotanists .
Chloroplasts are thought to be descended from cyanobacteria that formed endosymbiotic relationships with ancient plant and algal ancestors .
 Phytochemistry is a branch of plant biochemistry primarily concerned with the chemical substances produced by plants during secondary metabolism .
Sugarcane , rapeseed and soy are some of the plants with a highly fermentable sugar or oil content that are used as sources of biofuels , important alternatives to fossil fuels , such as biodiesel .
Plants compete with other organisms in their ecosystem for resources .
Regions with characteristic vegetation types and dominant plants as well as similar abiotic and biotic factors , climate , and geography make up biomes like tundra or tropical rainforest .
Other organisms form mutually beneficial relationships with plants .
For example , mycorrhizal fungi and rhizobia provide plants with nutrients in exchange for food , ants are recruited by ant plants to provide protection , honey bees , bats and other animals pollinate flowers and humans and other animals act as dispersal vectors to spread spores and seeds .
 Agrobacterium tumefaciens , a soil rhizosphere bacterium , can attach to plant cells and infect them with a callus @-@ inducing Ti plasmid by horizontal gene transfer , causing a callus infection called crown gall disease .
Pteridophytic vascular plants with true xylem and phloem that reproduced by spores germinating into free @-@ living gametophytes evolved during the Silurian period and diversified into several lineages during the late Silurian and early Devonian .
 Plant physiology encompasses all the internal chemical and physical activities of plants associated with life .
Gymnosperms , such as conifers , cycads , Ginkgo , and gnetophytes are seed @-@ producing plants with open seeds .
 Sewage service in Erie is provided by the Erie Sewer Authority , and many outlying townships have partnerships with the Sewer Authority for service .
The Daily Mirror reported : " The girls have formed camps with sisters Nicole and Natalie sticking together while Mel and Shaznay are the other duo .
 At the 2010 census , the population in Juniata County was spread out with 6 @.
 The Trading Path ( later called the Unicoi Turnpike ) connected the Overhill towns with the Middle settlements in North Carolina , the Lower towns in South Carolina , and extended to Charleston , South Carolina .
 Cuming learned that Moytoy was trying to gain control of the entire Cherokee people , who were highly decentralized , with power associated with regional settlements .
In 1756 , the colonies dispatched Captain Raymond Demeré and engineer John DeBrahm to the area with several wagon loads of supplies for the construction of a fort along the Little Tennessee River .
The Dean tells Keith ( Enrico Colantoni ) to track his wife , and Veronica sobs in the shower due to her breakup with Logan .
 With the spread of decolonization in the 1960s , the organization 's membership saw an influx of newly independent nations .
On 19 May 1940 , the vessel was loaded with the gold and , avoiding Dunkirk which was being bombed by the Luftwaffe , headed for the British coast , accompanied by the ship P16 which was carrying refugees .
 I think he [ Brett ] made his initial mistake in sort of spurning this Labor government crowd and taking up with the conservative crowd , who had been ousted by the Labor Party and who were not going to get back into power .
The latter was created during a jam session in which the band played one continuous chord progression that stuck with them throughout the session . "
 Following her collaboration with Ja Rule , Milian signed a deal with Island Def Jam Music Group in 2000 .
 Unloading of Fort Stikine began with the lubricating oil , followed by the fish manure .
 The pseudo @-@ tracking shot in which the camera appears to approach the Man in the Moon was accomplished using an effect Méliès had invented the previous year for the film The Man with the Rubber Head .
Thuillier , a former colorist of glass and celluloid products , directed a studio of two hundred people painting directly on film stock with brushes , in the colors she chose and specified .
 It remains Méliès 's most famous film as well as a classic example of early cinema , with the image of the capsule stuck in the Man in the Moon 's eye particularly well @-@ known .
 The Pequot War ( 1634 – 1638 ) all but exterminated the Pequots , dividing the captives up between the Mohegan and Narragansett tribes who had allied with the settlers .
Peter Taylor , the committee 's general counsel noticed that the bill did not limit the amount or location of the lands that the Pequots could buy with the settlement funds .
 The two designs had takeoff weights of approximately 750 @,@ 000 pounds ( 340 @,@ 000 kg ) with large fuel loads .
With the distance between Jamrud and Agra being 715 miles and the distance between Ahmednagar and Agra being 700 miles , whoever reached the capital city of Agra first would capture the Mughal throne .
 The show was directed and edited ( along with Pile ) by Tristram Shapeero and Dominic Brigstocke .
 Following her success with Smack the Pony , Channel 4 gave Pile a fairly free hand with her next project .
The plan backfires when Alan is so scared , he beats Joanna 's cousin to death with a stuffed heron .
 Darlington were the first to settle with Gary Bannister a prominent player in midfield , but Plymouth Argyle eventually found their rhythm and had the first real goalscoring opportunity after ten minutes .
The case was settled with prejudice and details undisclosed in May 2010 .
By 2010 , 3D Realms and Take @-@ Two had settled the lawsuit and dismissed it with prejudice .
For the very first time , food supplies were no longer abundant in front of a population growth ensured by , among other causes , the effective measures taken against epidemics ; rural – urban migration became a noticeable phenomenon , as did the relative increase in urbanization of traditional rural areas , with an explosion of settlements around established fairs .
The decline of Buddhism in South India had begun in the 8th century with the spread of Adi Shankara 's Advaita philosophy .
Experiments in the 1980s concluded that two glucans isolated from the species showed potent antitumour properties when used on mice artificially implanted with Sarcoma 180 tumours .
The surficial geology near the creek in the Wilkes @-@ Barre West quadrangle mainly consists of Wisconsinan Till , with some scattered areas of bedrock and alluvium .
The creek was stocked with 700 fingerling , yearling , and adult brook trout in 1909 .
 On the evening of 1 May 1945 , Goebbels arranged for an SS dentist , Helmut Kunz , to inject his six children with morphine so that when they were unconscious , an ampule of cyanide could be crushed in each of their mouths .
Federation scientists surgically remove large sections of her corrupted Varia Suit and inject her with the Metroid hatchling 's DNA to save her .
Parker Brothers held the Magie and Darrow patents , but settled with Copeland rather than going to trial , since Copeland was prepared to have witnesses testify that they had played Monopoly before Darrow 's " invention " of the game .
 As of June 2016 , cumulative sales by country are led by the United States with a stock of about 474 @,@ 000 highway legal light @-@ duty plug @-@ in electric vehicles delivered since 2008 .
 A plug @-@ in electric vehicle ( PEV ) is any motor vehicle with rechargeable battery packs that can be charged from the electric grid , and the electricity stored on board drives or contributes to drive the wheels for propulsion .
 As of June 2016 , cumulative sales of highway legal light @-@ duty plug @-@ in electric vehicles by country are led by the United States with a stock of about 474 @,@ 000 cars delivered since 2008 .
 The Bolo plan reasoned that by equipping F @-@ 4s with jamming pods , using the call signs and communications codewords of the F @-@ 105 wings , and flying their flight profiles through northwest Vietnam , the F @-@ 4s could effectively simulate an F @-@ 105 bombing mission and entice the MiG @-@ 21s into intercepting not bomb @-@ laden Thunderchiefs , but Phantoms configured for air @-@ to @-@ air combat .
Bellamy went past two men down the left hand side of the pitch before exchanging passes with Kuyt , however his subsequent shot went wide .
After weakening due to friction with the mountains of Haiti and Jamaica , Allen intensified back to a Category 5 hurricane , retaining this intensity for over a day .
Bessels testified that Hall was " taken by hemiplegia " , and his left arm and side were paralyzed , and that he had injected Hall with quinine to correct his elevated temperature before he died .
Human hunters took advantage of an attraction red rails had to red objects by using coloured cloth to lure the birds so that they could be beaten with sticks .
There is a pretty way of taking them with a red cap , but this of ours was taken with a stick .
Once they are close enough , you can hit them with the stick , and then have only to pick them up .
 Sergeant Reckless was chestnut colored with a blaze and three white stockings .
Though loaded down with six recoilless rifle shells , she initially " went straight up " and all four feet left the ground the first time the recoilless rifle was fired .
In 2015 Jaws : The Revenge was re @-@ released on DVD as part of a three movie multi @-@ pack along with Jaws 2 and Jaws 3 @-@ D.
With the spread of freethought , skeptical inquiry , and subsequent increase in criticism of religion , application of the term narrowed in scope .
With the backing of the settlers , Antequera refused , citing the authority of the Audencia as superior to that of the Viceroy .
 Zavala pursued a conciliatory policy with the Paraguayan settlers , not wishing to aggravate the situation .
 The availability of new cheap land led to a rapid increase in the population of the territory , with thousands of new settlers entering the region every year .
Elegantly adorned with subtle strings and velvety production , it has the kind of warmth people are always saying they can hear on old vinyl records " .
The crystal consists of a double @-@ hexagonal close packing with the layer sequence ABAC and so is isotypic with α @-@ lanthanum and several actinides such as α @-@ curium .
This fcc structure is equivalent to the closest packing with the sequence ABC .
 The spanking thing started because I believed that my character in Dick Tracy liked to get smacked around and that 's why she hung around with people like Al Pacino 's character .
However , Tucker is confronted with allegations of stock fraud .
As an added precaution , nearby campus buildings were equipped with rooftop sprinkler systems .
The first four of the six stacks were built with the efforts of all safety @-@ trained participants .
After being doused in 700 lb ( 318 kg ) of jet fuel , applied by staff members at A & M 's Fire Training School , the Yell Leaders , Drum Majors , and Redpots then lit the stack with torches the night before the annual football game against the University of Texas when at home and two nights before the game when it was played in Austin .
This fire consisted of three piles of wood , with the center stack being 35 feet ( 11 m ) high .
The parts were delivered by rail up to Boden and unloaded with the help of gantry cranes .
Orchards and other cultivated land with suitable old trees or large hedges are also used by this species .
The female is sometimes fed by her mate while she crouches with spread wings and gives begging calls .
The Raw superstars , however , gave Cena the upper hand to hit Sabu with a kendo stick in mid @-@ air .
After a problem with a pump required a stop at Brioni , the U @-@ boat continued on .
car pack , including the Bugatti Veyron Super Sport and Noble M600 ; a 10 @-@ car American Muscle Car Pack , including the Plymouth GTX 426 HEMI and Chevrolet Nova SS , ( also available on Xbox Live on launch day ) ; a pre @-@ order exclusive Ship Bonus Car Pack , including the Koenigsegg Agera and Tesla Roadster Sport ; a five @-@ car BMW Designer Car Pack featuring five BMWs with unique exterior designs , including a BMW M6 designed by an entrant into an M6 design competition .
The field 's surface is PowerBlade HP + , a type of artificial turf comprising synthetic fibers with a rubber and sand infill .
 In 1985 , Brooks dead @-@ heated with Stockwell in the 100 m freestyle at the Australian Championships , clocking a time of 51 @.
With the crowd chanting " Fuck Fred Durst " and continuing their assault on him , Durst threw the mic down after six songs and walked off stage , but not before heckling the crowd back .
The split was carried out amicably , and Fred says that " We really love the jam we did with Lil Wayne , though .
His guitar playing has made use of octave shapes , and choppy , eighth @-@ note rhythms , sometimes accompanied by muting his strings with his left hand , creating a percussive sound .
The French invested the fortress at Ulm immediately , and on the 20th , the 6th Chasseurs captured a convoy of 300 wagons loaded with grain .
Along with the shale oil extraction plant , an oil shale research laboratory was founded in 1921 .
In accordance with a European Union waste framework directive , the heaps were covered with waterproof material , new topsoil , and sod .
To offer contrast to the classicist songwriting , Allmusic noted that " Coxon 's guitar tears each song open , either with unpredictable melodic lines or layers of translucent , hypnotic effects , and his work creates great tension with Alex James ' kinetic bass " .
With a chordal texture spread over the entire keyboard , it is reminiscent of the music of Robert Schumann .
Despite the reopening of critical supply routes from Pakistan , the US military confronts a giant logistical challenge to wind down the war in Afghanistan because it must withdraw till the end of 2014 nearly 90 @,@ 000 troops and enormous depots of military equipment accumulated over a decade of war which includes 100 @,@ 000 shipping containers stuffed with materiel and 50 @,@ 000 wheeled vehicles .
At the southern end , the route begins at a three @-@ level stack interchange with a realigned Highway 401 , from which it proceeds north .
Immediately north of Highway 7 , the route ends at a three @-@ level stack interchange with Highway 407E .
A riot breaks out at the convention after Hamill offers the chance for someone in the crowd to act out a scene with him .
Nests are round bundles of dry plant material lined with soft materials such as feathers .
The head of the females of the subspecies ammodendri and nigricans is dingy grey with darker smudges on the forehead , behind its eyes , and on its throat .
During the game , the Arbiter meets with Spartan Jameson Locke who asks the Arbiter about his views on the Master Chief .
What is the point of sticking you with an AI compatriot if all he 's good at is respawning ? "
The kit had previously been packed with Band Hero in the United Kingdom and with the Wii version of Band Hero in North America , but otherwise was not sold separately .
Due to " continued support " from their fanbase , Activision has since decided it will continue to release downloadable content for Warriors of Rock through at least March and April 2011 with packs that were in the works prior to the closure of Guitar Hero .
While the story carried similar heavy metal themes as Brutal Legend , very few of the songs within the game are from that genre ; to Cocke , this felt " like a desperate attempt to gain credibility with too many crowds , but it ends up spreading itself too thin " .
Pryce retired on the first lap of the race after a collision with James Hunt at the first corner broke his Shadow DN3 's rear suspension .
Q gave the album three out of five stars and described it as " Hugely likeable , terribly noisy and cute , as well as being jammed with proper pop songs " .
The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars that were served by two aircraft elevators , each 14 by 14 meters ( 46 by 46 ft ) ; the center elevator as used in Hiryū was deleted to simplify construction and reduce stress in the hull .
In the building known as the " white house " , the rooms were crowded with 45 people in a room no larger than 20 square metres ( 220 sq ft ) .
 Lord Pitfour was widely admired and often dined with fellow lawyer and biographer James Boswell , who declared Pitfour to be one of the greatest Scottish lawyers .
The war dragged on until 591 , when it ended with a negotiated settlement between Maurice and the Persian shah Khosrau II ( r .
He later said he wanted his character to be " likable , sympathetic even " , because he wanted the audience " to understand why they would hang out with me .
Paula Nechak called the film a " bold cautionary tale " ; she regarded the film as a negative , dismal depiction of Midwestern America , writing that " [ Peirce 's film has ] captured the mystique and eerie loneliness " and " isolation of the Midwest , with its dusty desolation and nowhere @-@ to @-@ go frustration that propels people to violence and despair " .
@ 2 in ) thick ) , and white and unchanging latex with an acrid taste .
The mushroom has also been reported from southern Brazil ( state of Santa Catarina ) growing in association with pine ( Pinus elliottii ) plantations , where it has probably been introduced with pine seedlings brought by settlers .
Vettel had spent most of the session testing his car with a heavier fuel load in preparation for the race that would see him start with a five @-@ place grid penalty for a change of the gearbox .
Channing continued to jam with Cobain and Novoselic , although the drummer noted , " They never actually said ' okay , you 're in , ' " and Channing played his first show with the group that May .
This species is greenish yellow to greenish gray above , sometimes with a scattering of tiny dark dots .
@ 6 " , came in the top SX trim level , loaded with extras , but was not available with automatic transmission .
A new angle was then developed between Stratus and 2004 Raw Diva Search winner Christy Hemme over jealousy of Hemme 's Playboy magazine exposure , with Stratus attacking Hemme and spray painting the word " slut " across her back .
 = = = = Storyline with Mickie James and retirement ( 2005 – 2006 ) = = = =
 Stratus returned to the ring on June 26 , where she had a Women 's Championship match with Mickie James .
As a couple , Stratus and Carlito briefly feuded with WWE Champion Edge and Lita after the pair interrupted Stratus ' title match with Mickie James .
In the first episode , for example , Stratus is in Kochi , India , where she learns the ancient martial art of kalarippayattu , progressing from fighting with sticks to fighting with metal swords .
It was said that spectators " packed the pit , just to enjoy hissing Kemble 's delivery of ' I 'll rack thee with old cramps , / Fill all they bones with aches ' . "
With the exception of the first booster pack Notum Wars , the offer does not include access to content added with expansion or booster packs .
Initially pleased with the piece when Nikolai Rubinstein conducted it in Moscow , Tchaikovsky dedicated it to Balakirev and sent it to him to conduct in Saint Petersburg .
 Based on morphological features , the Alexandrine parakeet ( Psittacula eupatria ) has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands , with new populations settling during the species 's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia .
 More recently , Dish Network included Leaf in their " Biggest NFL Bust Bracket " where he was a " 1 Seed " along with fellow busts Jamarcus Russell , Tony Mandarich , and David Carr .
The fur rubs off and they become smooth with wear , and generally remain closed until opened by fire .
The woody separator is the same shape as the seed , with an impression where the seed body lies next to it .
Shrubs carry relatively low numbers of seeds compared with plant species that regenerate by seed after bushfire .
Mithos attempts to take the Great Seed with him but is foiled and killed by Lloyd .
Competing bids came from Thomson @-@ CSF with a variant of the Radar Doppler Multitarget ( RDY ) , SAGEM with a similar avionics package to those used in the ROSE upgrade project , and Marconi Electronic Systems with its Blue Hawk radar .
In a symbolic finish to the service , Irwin 's truck was loaded up with gear and driven out of the arena for the last time as Williamson sang .
 In 2004 , the Livestock Conservancy entered a partnership with Slow Food USA , Chefs Collaborative , and four other organizations to found the Renewing America 's Food Traditions collaboration .
When Richard rode out to meet with Wat Tyler , the rebel leader , a crowd broke into the castle without meeting resistance and looted the Jewel House .
 Whelp Side , between Whelpside Gill and Mines Gill , appears as a distinct shoulder of the mountain when seen from the west , largely grassy though with a few crags and boulders in places , and with coniferous plantations on its lower slopes which were planted to stabilise the land around the reservoir .
The snow was covered with dust so he had to dig for clean snow to eat with his dinner .
According to the New Yorker 's account , Preckwinkle " soon became an Obama loyalist , and she stuck with him in a State Senate campaign that strained or ruptured many friendships but was ultimately successful . "
 Homer gets a magazine loaded with personality tests and quizzes his friends and family with them .
He used to hang around with the football hooligan firms Maine Line Crew , Under @-@ 5s , and Young Guvnors in the 1980s , and at the age of 13 , he received six months ' probation for robbing a corner shop .
I 've hung out with Jay @-@ Z in Tokyo .
The release of the pack coincided with the release of the Shadow Battle DLC .
Prestigious business colleges may have McKinsey consultants assigned to cultivating relationships with upcoming graduates .
Over 55 % of undergraduates receive financial aid , and the university meets 100 % of demonstrated need , with an average financial aid package of $ 23 @,@ 500 and about 70 % of aid distributed in the forms of grants or scholarships .
When this gravothermal instability occurs , the central region of the cluster becomes densely crowded with stars and the surface brightness of the cluster forms a power @-@ law cusp .
His partnership with Jamieson saw partners come and go .
Flirting with splatter status even more brazenly , the Coens ' Blood Simple is both an exacting pastiche and a gross exaggeration of classic noir .
The Times said , " This is one of those occasions on which criticism does not stand about talking , but rubs its eyes and withdraws hastily with an embarrassed , incredulous , and uncomprehending blush .
She manifests as a reddish torso with her intestines hanging out from under the hem of her T @-@ shirt .
Rollins soon became a fan of the band , exchanging letters with bassist Chuck Dukowski and later inviting the band to stay in his parents ' home when Black Flag toured the East Coast in December 1980 .
His portrait by Per Krafft shows him playing an oval instrument with twelve strings , arranged as six pairs .
Similarly , the ornate and civilized minuet melody of " Ack du min Moder " ( Alas , thou my mother ) contrasts with the text : Fredman is lying with a hangover in the gutter outside a tavern , complaining bitterly about life .
With Lions loaded in a CD @-@ ROM drive , one could stream each show , as well as download one live track per week and one show in its entirety .
 Opus Dei has been accused of deceptive and aggressive recruitment practices such as showering potential members with intense praise ( " Love bombing " ) , and instructing numeraries to form friendships and attend social gatherings explicitly for recruiting purposes .
In Soulcalibur II , a tertiary alternate design was added consisting of a red leotard and gloves with gold trimming , with red stockings on her legs ; in addition , a fourth design resembling her appearance at the conclusion of Soulcalibur was considered , incorporating a cloak and the symbol of caduceus on the front of her leotard cupping her breasts , but was unused .
The proposed arrangement would lavishly stock his arsenal with both firearms and bullets , which might prove decisive in the event of conflict with the South African Republic .
This loose end was tied up in late January 1889 , when Rhodes met and settled with Leask and his associates , James Fairbairn and George Phillips , in Johannesburg .
Rhodes saw Lippert 's activities as unwelcome meddling and so repeatedly tried ( and failed ) to settle with him .
The next day , Jameson signed a secret agreement with local settlers at Fort Victoria , promising each man 6 @,@ 000 acres ( 24 km2 ) of farm land , 20 gold claims and a share of Lobengula 's cattle in return for service in a war against Matabeleland .
Eleven hospitals were restocked with medical supplies and a permanent water supply was constructed at the Wonsan general hospital .
Jason Hughes of the TV Squad gave the episode a positive review as well saying " All in all , it was a weird time out of Springfield this week , with some highlight moments sprinkled throughout " .
Pahang FC were equally pleased with his contribution .
 In the early days of the band , Wright dabbled with brass before settling on Farfisa electric organs as his main instrument onstage .
The relationship between hemipterans and plants appears to be ancient , with piercing and sucking of plants evident in the Early Devonian period .
 that no further portions of Dryandra Forest be planted with pines or other exotic species ;
 The island 's 5 @,@ 000 acres ( 20 km2 ) of banana farms in Mabouya Valley , Roseau Valley , and Marc Marc were severely damaged with many of the plantations waterlogged or outright destroyed .
78 Squadron operated from the Hollandia beachhead ; owing to food shortages in the area the pilots arrived with rations for four days loaded in their aircraft .
 Suresh Kavirayani of The Times of India rated it 4 out of 5 and wrote " Dookudu is a typical Srinu Vytla film with a generous sprinkling of comedy .
However , many of the beaches are scattered with land mines and may provide an initial disadvantage to the assault .
 The power station also has a jetty on the River Ouse , with a loading capacity of 200 tonnes- historically the jetty was built and used for the construction of the power station in the 1960s / 70s - such as the delivery of equipment .
Each of the generating units is equipped with the Advanced Plant Management System ( APMS ) , a system developed by RWE npower and Thales , and implemented by Capula .
She is filming for Anurag Basu 's comedy @-@ mystery film Jagga Jasoos with Ranbir Kapoor and wrapped up Nitya Mehra 's love story Baar Baar Dekho with Sidharth Malhotra .
As crossings accumulate the craftsperson beats the material flat with a stick .
Their vocabulary had no special term to correspond with sprang , so they referred to it with descriptive phrases such as knitting with sticks , plaiting , and weaving without passing through .
These sprang drawstrings are also used for the ' ghugrai ' [ full long skirts worn traditionally by Punjabi women : -it has been fashionable at times to have the drawstring ends on show , hanging with the ' harar ' having colourful pom @-@ poms or jewellery added on .
While at the MTV Movie Awards , Jesus says " I used to hang around with only one whore " .
Yet if this is one of your first experiences with Esham the Unholy , this album should pack a punch with its dark nature . "
O 'Neill , with his grand scheme for settlement of the Solar System , emphasized moving ordinary people off the Earth " en masse " .
... Those records are packed with songs that have lasted 30 – 35 years .
They concluded that Springsteen gave " a performance of passion , exuberance , exhilaration and musical majesty " while sticking with his standard tour set list and not resorting to playing many of his better @-@ known hits .
 Gary Arnold of The Washington Times wrote that a number of factors " fail to prevent the finished product from jamming and misfiring with disillusioning frequency " .
Its ancestors include wild emmer wheat ; this was hybridised , harvested and sown to create domestic strains with larger grains , in ears that shatter less readily than wild forms .
Some dishes can be traced back to ancient Greece : lentil soup , fasolada , retsina ( white or rosé wine flavored with pine resin ) and pasteli ( candy bar with sesame seeds baked with honey ) ; some to the Hellenistic and Roman periods : loukaniko ( dried pork sausage ) ; and Byzantium : feta cheese , avgotaraho ( botargo , cured fish roe ) and paximadi ( traditional hard bread baked from corn , barley and rye ) .
 Risotto is a dish made using Italian short @-@ grain rice , which is both highly absorbent and resistant to turning into a pudding when cooked with stock and flavoured with onions and garlic , cooked in butter .
Scholars noted how Madonna 's persona was split into the child and adult in the video , and one writer described a scene involving the dead mother shown in her wake , with her lips sewn shut , as one of the most disturbing scenes in the history of mainstream music videos — the scene was inspired by Madonna 's memory of her mother from her funeral . "
When he married again , his new wife was wrapped up with her own children , so the older kids were often left to their own devices .
Allen Metz , author of The Madonna Companion , described the song as a " stark ballad with a serious string arrangement " .
The track 's lyrics refer to smoking cannabis , with Rhys stating that it " seems ridiculous that you can 't do what you want with a plant that grows naturally " in reference to the drug 's illegal status in many countries .
They point out that in the recording , the higher treble strings sound relatively clean , with the low E string having the most distortion ; with a tube malfunction , all strings would be distorted more or less to an equal degree .
 Aerosmith was in Studio C of The Record Plant and I was doing work with Bob Ezrin in Studio A. I had a long wait between dubs and was waiting in the lobby .
On at least two occasions , Tyler and Perry have performed the song with other artists ; in 1992 with Guns N ' Roses and in 1995 with Page and Plant .
Meanwhile , he sent Hardy a letter packed with theorems , writing , " I have found a friend in you who views my labour sympathetically . "
Rolston stated that the video was inspired by shows like Sonny & Cher and The Midnight Special with James Brown , which took place around the beginning of the disco era and the end of the hippy era .
 The second of these theories is the genocide hypothesis , which asserts that the aboriginal populations of the Northern and Western Isles were eradicated and replaced wholesale with settlers of Scandinavian stock .
In that year , Edgar of Scotland signed a treaty with Magnus which settled much of the boundary between the Scots and Norwegian claims in the islands .
During his service , he was appointed to a committee with Benjamin Logan and James Garrard to make recommendations on ways to further divide the area that would become Kentucky .
Eventually , George Sr. takes revenge on the adulterous Oscar and Lucille by kidnapping Oscar , knocking him unconscious , exchanging appearances with him , and sending him to prison in his place .
He also settled all remaining border issues with Chile .
 At CCM Magazine , Andy Argyrakis said that Lecrae has " officially arrived as the top star in the scene " , and that the artist has " his finger on today 's production trends ( and certainly being ahead of the curve on a few occasions ) , his rhymes are packed with so much authenticity that even the most mainstream @-@ minded listener has the potential to connect . "
Li ended the year as top seed with Sun Beibei , achieving gold in the women 's doubles at the ITTF Volkswagen Pro Tour Grand Finals in Macau on 14 December 2008 , the first time that Singapore had won this event .
Steady weakening continued over the following days , with the storm brushing the northeastern tip of Luzon , Philippines , with winds of 175 – 185 km / h ( 110 – 115 mph ) on October 7 .
The original design plans for Highway 406 called for this section to follow the creek valley the full distance to the QEW , interchanging with it east of Martindale Road .
Variety commented , " Loaded with enough attitude , Bollywood starpower and buff bodies to stop a speeding train , Dhoom 2 has been doing humongous biz since its November 24 worldwide opening , and provides adequate proof that Yash Raj Films is good for more than just family @-@ oriented comedy @-@ dramas . "
The room is poorly kept , with cracking plaster , a broken window and uneven floor , and a bare cupboard .
 In 1999 the organisation supplemented its equipment by importing arms from Croatia , including military explosive TM500 , CZ Model 25 submachine guns , modified AK @-@ 47 assault rifles with a folding stock , and RPG @-@ 18 and RPG @-@ 22 rocket launchers .
 The skin is covered by rather large dermal denticles , which become more tightly packed and overlapping with age ; each denticle bears three to five horizontal ridges and five posterior teeth .
A British visitor in 1873 reported that the wooden floors of Tranovola were highly polished , while the walls were hung with French wallpaper and decorated with imported mirrors and oil paintings including a portrait of Queen Victoria given as a gift to Radama II .
When the original tombs were excavated for relocation , the French found the mortal remains of the nobles within had each been wrapped in numerous traditional lambas ( woven silk cloths ) then set within wooden coffins packed with charcoal .
Chamberlin was impressed with the fledgling company and the CrowdSurfing technology and subsequently came on board to support the company both financially and as an advisor .
While there , he spoke of his time with the Smashing Pumpkins as well as on the future of Digital Music at the Web Summit Centre Stage with Adrian Grenier , Chris Kaskie , and Brian Morrissey .
 After ISIS has gone bankrupt in the fifth season , Cheryl realizes her dream of becoming a country music superstar under the artist name " Cherlene " , after Dr. Krieger first cures her stage fright by injecting her with a microscopic mind control chip in the fourth episode ( " House Call " ) .
As of 2012 , there are oil shale @-@ fired power plants in Estonia with a generating capacity of 2 @,@ 967 megawatts ( MW ) , China , and Germany .
Jordan and Egypt have announced their plans to construct oil shale @-@ fired power plants , while Canada and Turkey plan to burn oil shale at the power plants along with coal .
 In an official statement , Sega of America chairman David Rosen expressed satisfaction with the settlement .
Accolade 's Alan Miller expressed more excitement with the settlement and the opportunities it presented for the company , saying in his statement , " We are very pleased with the settlement , and we 're excited about the new markets it opens to Accolade .
 Flowering occurs between October and December in its native range , with plants at higher elevations flowering later than ones at lower altitude .
When they do , the plant community becomes a more open sclerophyll woodland until slow @-@ growing plants with larger leaves take over .
The seed also germinates and grows in post @-@ bushfire soil , which is higher in nutrients and more open with fewer competing plant species .
McCartney commented , " Alun hung around with us and was careful to try and put words in our mouths that he might 've heard us speak , so I thought he did a very good script . "
The frequent reference to McCartney 's grandfather ( Wilfrid Brambell ) as a " clean old man " sets up a contrast with the stock description of Brambell 's character , Albert Steptoe in Steptoe and Son , as a " dirty old man " .
The Beatles are portrayed as likeable young lads who are constantly amazed at the attention they receive and who want nothing more than a little peace and quiet ; however , they have to deal with screaming crowds , journalists who ask nonsensical questions , and authority figures who constantly look down upon them .
The cap surface is initially covered with very fine hairs , but later becomes more or less smooth , often with a sticky texture in age or in moist conditions .
O 'Brien had previously pitched episodes where Lisa had a rival and where Marge gets a job at the power plant and Burns falls in love with her ; both went well .
Neal Justin of the Star Tribune said , " the premiere is packed with the zippy zingers that made us fall in love with the dramedy in the first place , " accrediting the series ' improved quality over season six to the return of Mark Moses as Paul Young .
Bava also extended other portions of the film with stock footage and montages of newspaper presses .
The voices of the 1960s played over the trailer were intended to link the film to the present day ; John F. Kennedy in particular was chosen because of similarities with the character of James T. Kirk and because he is seen to have " kicked off " the Space Race .
On 25 May 1944 U @-@ 853 spotted RMS Queen Mary , loaded with American troops and supplies .
These migrate to their secondary host plants , completely different species that are typically herbaceous plants with soft , young growth .
On a test plot of field beans ( Vicia faba ) , plants without black bean aphids yielded an average of 56 seeds per plant , those with aphids and no ants yielded 17 seeds , and those with both ants and aphids averaged eight seeds per plant .
The disease has also led to the reproductive season being less well @-@ defined , with births more spread out throughout the year .
In 2006 , Warner Bros. permitted the Government of Tasmania to sell stuffed toys of Taz with profits funnelled into research on DFTD .
Other merchandise include " 3D " coffee mugs for Banpresto 's arcade redemption games , posters , swimwear for women , 3D mousepads and body towels , wall scrolls , arcade sticks by Hori decorated with a graphic of Ayane and Kasumi ( released in two versions , for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 ) , credit cards , and Dead or Alive talking clock that was bundled with another figure of either Ayane or Kasumi .
As of February 2016 , there have been no further changes to either policy instrument , with further gilt purchases keeping the stock of gilts at £ 375bn .
@ 81 s , with Hungary and Great Britain in second and third place .
I don 't just pick one and stick with that guy . "
In 1903 , the same year that he and his family moved to New Plymouth , he formed a partnership dealing mostly with land transactions with James McVeagh and W. D. Anderson .
With a reduced work load , he began focus on his other interests , which included the military .
 We were stuck with the standard technology of the time .
The event was staged in Sinclair 's usual glitzy style , with girls handing out press packs and a variety of promotional giveaways : magazines , hats , pullovers , T @-@ shirts , key rings , sun visors , badges , mugs , bags , and even a C5 video game .
Over 3 @,@ 000 unsold C5s were piled up in storage at the Hoover factory , with additional unsold stock in 500 retail outlets nationwide .
Retailers attempted to deal with unsold stocks of C5s by drastically cutting the vehicle 's price .
Don Kaye of Blabbermouth.net said the album " is an unabashedly guitar @-@ driven album , stuffed with riffs and leads coming from all directions .
He was tied for second in the league with James Graham , Joseph Katz and Billy O 'Brien in home runs .
Anson responded to the criticism he had been taking for keeping Parrott by stating , " I realize that ' Jiggs ' is not popular with the Chicago crowds , so we will play him in games abroad only . "
It was later adapted into a film , with James in the lead role .
Drury has suggested that early trade was with the nearby settlements of Romford and Hornchurch and with London via the River Thames at Rainham .
However , Votta gave " kudos to Glee for sticking with Mike 's story this season as he figures out his path " , and West wrote that Shum " played it well " , while Canning said it and the later scene with his mother " were mighty effective , if a bit stereotypical " .
It has a buoyant acrobatic flight with widely spread flight feathers .
The bulky nests are composed of roots , sticks and plant stems lined with grass , fine twiglets or hair , and may be constructed on ledges , in a cave or similar fissure in a cliff face , or in an abandoned building .
Oliphant secured the services of a fellow Australian physicist , Harrie Massey , who had been working for the Admiralty on magnetic mines , along with James Stayers and Stanley Duke , who had worked with him on the cavity magnetron .
@ 47 – 65 , the Nadis are loaded with vital airs .
The city and Mayor Ed Rendell were afraid that when E / R Partners settled with Aetna they would take the money and leave the building unfixed .
 In March 1997 E / R Partners settled with Aetna receiving around US $ 300 million .
@ 8 million ) and Thursday gross ( The Matrix Reloaded with $ 37 @.
Accretion occurs as mantle is added to the growing edges of a tectonic plate , usually associated with seafloor spreading .
She is then shown lying on top of a white platform with a python wrapped around her body .
It was a crowd favourite , with Ray Davies later claiming to feel a connection with the crowd as he performed the song .
It is regarded as one of the main publications which formed the core of the modern evolutionary synthesis and still provides the conceptual framework for research in plant evolutionary biology ; according to Ernst Mayr , " Few later works dealing with the evolutionary systematics of plants have not been very deeply affected by Stebbins ' work . "
It brought concepts related to plant evolution into line with animal evolution as it emerged from Dobzhansky 's 1937 Genetics and the Origin of Species and provided the conceptual framework to organize a disparate set of disciplines into a new field : plant evolutionary biology .
He also wrote Processes of Organic Evolution , The Basis of Progressive Evolution , Chromosomal Evolution in Plants and the textbook Evolution with co @-@ authors Dobzhansky , Francisco Ayala and James W. Valentine .
 Together with the introduction of S Stock trains , the track , electrical supply and signalling systems are being upgraded in a programme planned to increase peak @-@ hour capacity on the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines by 65 per cent by the end of 2018 .
With an anonymous string orchestra Holst recorded the St Paul 's Suite and Country Song in 1925 .
Robert Christgau believed the New York Dolls relied more on cover songs for the album because , " like so many cocky songwriters , David Johansen overloaded his debut with originals and then found that record promotion wasn 't a life activity that inspired new ones . "
He hit a ball into the covers and was caught , ending the 148 @-@ run partnership with Harvey and silencing the crowd .
 In para @-@ Alpine events , this classification is grouped with sitting classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
The sanctuary floor was wood , with wood wainscoting and plaster walls .
 Bulls mark the boundaries of their territories with heaps of dung and with secretions from their scent glands .
It was a record for the times , brimming with breathless anticipation and a dread fear of the adult world , a brilliant fantasy that pumped with sexual heat , yet made room for serious reflection "
England reached 121 / 2 by stumps on the third day , which ended with a hostile crowd reaction to Miller , who bowled a large amount of bouncers at Len Hutton and Denis Compton .
The English leader packed the leg side with fielders , including two short legs , and ordered Bedser to bowl at leg stump .
Compton then hit a boundary from Toshack , prompting Bradman to further stack the leg side with fielders in defensive positions .
Eric Sundermann of Hollywood.com enjoyed the silliness of the episode , and claimed that the characters are so well @-@ developed and likable that watching the Snakehole Lounge scenes felt like hanging out with real @-@ life friends at a bar .
 In September 2000 , the Louvre Museum dedicated the Gilbert Chagoury and Rose @-@ Marie Chagoury Gallery to display tapestries donated by the Chagourys , including a 16th @-@ century six @-@ part tapestry suite , sewn with gold and silver threads representing sea divinities , which was commissioned in Paris for Colbert de Seignelay , Secretary of State for the Navy .
 Later in its duration , Nabi brushed southeastern South Korea with rainbands .
She becomes a SeeD with Squall and Zell , and the three are assigned to the same team .
Like Fujin , he supports Seifer when he betrays SeeD and Garden to side with Edea .
Nida ( another Star Wars reference , along with Biggs and Wedge ) is a student at Balamb Garden who passes the SeeD exam along with Squall .
The vessel was fully loaded with the explosives TNT and picric acid , the highly flammable fuel benzole , and guncotton .
Firefighter Billy Wells , who was thrown away from the explosion and had his clothes torn from his body , described the devastation survivors faced : " The sight was awful , with people hanging out of windows dead .
The train was loaded with injured and left the city at 1 : 30 with a doctor aboard , to evacuate the wounded to Truro .
Following the ruling , some downloaders who had already settled with Odex planned a countersuit to recover their settlement monies .
A letter to The Straits Times pointed out that downloaders deciding to settle out of court with Odex were afforded no protection from lawsuits initiated by other companies within the anime industry .
At the end of each round , competitors are ranked by the number of completed problems , with ties settled by the total number of attempts taken to solve the problems .
 Mighty Jill Off is a 2D platform independently developed freeware video game designed by Anna Anthropy , with art by James Harvey and music by Andrew Toups .
All 40 of the class were named after English public schools , and were designed to provide a powerful class of intermediate express passenger locomotive on semi @-@ fast services for lines which could cope with high axle loads but some of which had short turntables .
Because of the use of a ‘ ’ King Arthur ’ ’ firebox , rather than the square @-@ topped Belpaire firebox used on the Lord Nelsons , the class could be used on lines with a restricted loading gauge and some of the best performance by the class was on the heavily restricted Tonbridge to Hastings line .
The first wave of immigration came with the Irish who settled at Connemara Patch along the Mississippi , named for their home in Connemara Ireland .
 With the growth of settlement in Pearsall 's Flats , which was later the location of Romney , the need for educational facilities became apparent and the community began plans for the establishment of schools and churches .
With the growth of settlement in Pearsall 's Flats , and later Romney , the need for educational facilities became apparent and the community began plans for the establishment of schools and churches .
Following a ten @-@ year lapse after this authorization , the society made arrangements with James Gregory of Jersey City , New Jersey , and Daniel McIntyre of Philadelphia to finance the lottery , " for raising a sum of money not exceeding Twenty Thousand dollars , for the purpose of erecting a suitable building for their accommodation , the purchase of a library and Philosophical apparatus " .
 Gilbert , who wrote the words , created fanciful " topsy @-@ turvy " worlds for these operas where each absurdity is taken to its logical conclusion — fairies rub elbows with British lords , flirting is a capital offence , gondoliers ascend to the monarchy , and pirates emerge as noblemen who have gone astray .
 Both Cumberland and Western Suburbs had been winless to this point of the season and Cumberland had a score to settle with their rivals from Western Suburbs Rugby Union Club who were with Western Suburbs rugby league club .
Nests are made in the branches of thorny trees , and are untidy globular masses constructed from grass or other plant matter and lined with softer material .
During winter , the non @-@ breeding season , it forms larger flocks of as many as 30 birds , and joins flocks with other seed @-@ eating birds , such as house sparrows and red avadavats .
The nest has an entrance located higher up on the sides , is somewhat flat on top , and is lined with softer plant material and feathers .
While comparing Circus to Blackout , Alexis Petridis of The Guardian noted , " the ballads are back , bringing with them the inevitable sprinkling of tedium " .
The singles released from Insomniac were " Geek Stink Breath " , " Stuck with Me " , " Brain Stew / Jaded " , and " Walking Contradiction " .
 In September 2006 , Green Day collaborated with U2 and producer Rick Rubin to record a cover of the song " The Saints Are Coming " , originally recorded by The Skids , with an accompanying video .
RPGamer cited its translation as " packed with typos and other errors which further obscure what is already a very confusing plot . "
The Spurs qualified easily for the playoffs , concluding the regular season as the Conference number one seed with a 60 – 22 record .
Despite Duncan having problems with his knee and the team losing the services of shooting guard Ginóbili for most of the season , San Antonio qualified for the playoffs as the third seed with a 54 – 28 record .
Having already locked up second seed in the West with a franchise best record ( 65 – 13 prior to Nuggets game ) , all four of Duncan 's starting teammates were rested .
After winning against Cleveland , the Lions lost the following day , allowing the Bears to clinch the NFC North in week sixteen with Packers and Lions losses grouped with a victory over the Philadelphia Eagles .
 The first acquisition of Training Camp occurred on the first day , with Jamaal Anderson being signed to replace Ellis .
 In Cleveland , the Bears started strong after Demontre Hurst intercepted Brian Hoyer 's pass , which led to Robbie Gould 's field goal , followed by Jordan Palmer 's touchdown pass to Joseph Anderson , which Cleveland retaliated with James Michael @-@ Johnson intercepting Trent Edwards and scoring .
Minnesota retaliated with Ponder 's 20 @-@ yard touchdown pass to Kyle Rudolph with 1 : 11 remaining , and the half ended with the Bears settling for a field goal .
Both teams exchanged scores on the next two drives of the game , with the Packers scoring on Rodgers ' seven @-@ yard touchdown throw to Randall Cobb , followed by Forté 's one @-@ yard touchdown run , ending the quarter with the Bears leading 21 – 20 .
Spencer leaves his groceries in his apartment , which is filled with piles of dirt and dead vegetation .
Derogatory references to Mexicans were removed , as was an off @-@ color joke about the effects of exposure to radioactive substances ( " Is it true if you fool around with that stuff you don 't like girls anymore ? "
In the cabin the walls are red with red drapes as an allusion to the " Red Room " in Agent Cooper 's dream .
LIRGs with warmer dust are more likely to host hydroxyl megamasers , as are ULIRGs , with LFIR > 1012 L ☉ .
In an article discussing the E3 announcement of the 2014 remake , Carly Smith for The Escapist remarks that Hatoful Boyfriend is " absolutely hilarious " , but recommends that players " start the game for a laugh , but stick with it for a ride you wouldn 't have expected by looking at the cover " .
Designed in the same style as the lake in Windsor Great Park , the lake was stocked with trout , both rainbow and brown ; there were three bridges and four islands .
With her win over Görges , Kuznetsova became the second @-@ best Russian Fed Cup player by total wins , with 27 won rubbers ; the absolute leader is Larisa Savchenko , with 40 won rubbers .
Björk decided to stick with the album 's vocal concept and use electronically tweaked choral voices .
Alex Ross , reporter writing for The New Yorker stated that with " Oceania " , Björk " confirmed her status as the ultimate musical cosmopolitan " , acquainted with Karlheinz Stockhausen and the Wu @-@ Tang Clan .
Seeing that Andy is dejected , Kevin and Darryl offer to stay and jam with him for a little extra time , and the trio come up with a lively song called " Bullfrog In Love " .
Hughes also enjoyed the B @-@ story and wrote that " it was a sweet moment when Darryl told Andy he didn 't have to pay him any more to jam with them " .
She was constructed at the navy yard in Stockholm under a contract with private entrepreneurs in 1626 – 1627 and armed primarily with bronze cannons cast in Stockholm specifically for the ship .
Gustavus Adolphus had approved all measurements and armaments , and the ship was built according to the instructions and loaded with the number of guns specified .
Vasa was sprayed with PEG for 17 years , followed by a long period of slow drying , which is not yet entirely complete .
Tomoya 's good friend Youhei Sunohara , who was thrown out of the soccer club over a dispute with his seniors , is also a delinquent and often hangs out in his dorm room with Tomoya doing nothing much .
During this period , Tomoya meets and hangs out with several other girls whom he gets to know well and help with their individual problems .
Much of the residential area of the city is planted with large native shade trees .
 In the city the population was spread out with 18 @.
 In the city the population was spread out with 19 @.
Musical artists from Columbia have been compiled by Painfully Midwestern Records with the ComoMusic Anthology series , and the " Das Kompilation " release .
The string of financial failures continued with his next release .
Restoration work in the late 20th century involved cleaning with electronically controlled intermittent water sprays and ammonium carbonate poultices .
The film was subsequently censored before the end of the year by the Central Board of Film Certification and settled with an adult rating , after Selvaraghavan refused to get rid of gory scenes .
In the least advanced ports , cargo can be loaded with shovels or bags poured from the hatch cover .
 Conveyor belts offer a very efficient method of loading , with standard loading rates varying between 100 and 700 tons per hour , although the most advanced ports can offer rates of 16 @,@ 000 tons per hour .
Self @-@ discharging ships use conveyor belts with load rates of around 1 @,@ 000 tons per hour .
It [ has ] a long , sloping front lawn , thickly planted with shrubberies ...
Following two months of negotiations , Big Boi signed a three @-@ album deal with Def Jam Recordings in March 2010 .
In 2007 , LeMond settled his suit with the Blixseths for $ 39 million ; however , he and his partners remained creditors as the Blixseths defaulted on a $ 20 million payment ( after having already paid the group $ 18 million ) , followed by their divorce and the bankruptcy of the Club in 2009 .
When Mike and Tina play on one in a hallway , Sue interrupts them by snapping the piano strings with wire cutters , and is praised for doing so by an arts @-@ hating teacher ( Barbara Tarbuck ) , who promises to vote for her .
As the number is ending , the Cheerios circle the purple piano , and they each sprinkle it with lighter fluid .
She refuses , retrieves the Sanglyph from Eckhardt 's body , and plants it on the Sleeper , overloading it with energy and causing it to explode , taking Karel with it .
Reed praised the game 's graphical polish , with " almost every multi @-@ tiered location crammed with detail and careful incidentals " , but critiqued the frequent loading screens and stylised or low detail for environments and characters .
You look like you have boatloads of chemistry with someone else . "
Her name is also inextricably entwined with that of Anna Seward in the literature of lesbian relationships and female friendship .
 From growing up in the Seward household with Canon Seward and the members of the Lunar Society , Honora Sneyd and her childhood friend Anna Seward developed relatively progressive views for the times on the status of women and equality in marriage , a key to which was female education .
 Although nearby GRBs hitting Earth with a destructive shower of gamma rays are only hypothetical events , high energy processes in the nearby universe are well @-@ known to affect the Earth 's atmosphere .
 American emergency rations in World War I consisted of a quarter ounce ( 7 grams ) packet of double @-@ strength instant coffee , packed one per man in containers with multiple types of foods meant for twenty @-@ four men .
Seine , still commanded by Lieutenant Julien @-@ Gabriel Bigot following the death of Captain Latour off Sumatra in 1796 , sailed on 24 March , overcrowded with the stores and dependents accompanying the soldiers .
Pique however was irretrievably stuck with water leaking into the hull .
In its place were scattered villages ringed with nearby rice paddies and crop fields a day 's walk away , surrounded by vast plains of sterile grasses .
As a dessert , revelers would eat rice boiled in milk and drizzled with honey , a preparation known as tatao ( [ taˈtau ̯ ] ) .
A great variety of temperate and tropical fruits are grown locally and may be enjoyed fresh or sprinkled with sugar .
It is the world 's northern @-@ most town , with all settlements further north being research or meteorological outposts .
Duties include environmental policy , family law , law enforcement , search and rescue , tourism management , information services , contact with foreign settlements and judge in some areas of maritime inquiries and judicial examinations — albeit never in the same cases as acting as police .
While just five miles ( 8 km ) from the capitol , the standard of living the men were used to had changed dramatically , as their usual foodstuffs were replaced with beef steak , dry bread , and coffee .
By mid @-@ morning 1 RAR occupied LZ Queen , with the 105 mm L5 pack howitzers of 105 Field Battery also flying @-@ in to provide direct support .
In 19th @-@ century Herzegovina , families with large houses would load their logs onto three or four pairs of oxen , which were then led into the house .
In central Serbia the badnjak is laid with its thicker end sticking out from the ognjište .
Its ash may be spread over the fields and mixed with fodder .
The hole is plugged , and that end of the log is wrapped with a white linen cloth before the badnik is festively burned on the hearth .
Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic commented that Poquita Ropa " finds Arjona at his most naked , backed by spare arrangements of acoustic guitar , piano , and Hammond B @-@ 3 along with occasional touches of strings , woodwinds , and chorus vocals . "
He also mentioned the use of the " poison @-@ fog magic smoke eruptor " , in which " blinding gunpowder " and " poisonous gunpowder " were packed into the hollow cannonball shells and were effective in burning the faces and eyes of enemies , along with choking them with a formidable spray of poisonous smoke .
Murray reached the semifinals of the doubles tournament with his brother Jamie .
Murray then won the doubles with his brother Jamie Murray , becoming the first person in the 2011 season to capture both singles and doubles titles at the same tournament .
He was defending champion in the doubles with his brother Jamie .
For the seventh time in his career , Murray had to come back from a deficit of two sets to ultimately come through in five , setting up a semifinal clash with 24th seed Jerzy Janowicz , the Polish player who beat Murray in their previous encounter .
Murray then teamed up with his brother Jamie to win the doubles rubber , coming back from a set down to defeat Tsonga and Nicolas Mahut in four sets , giving Britain a crucial 2 – 1 lead going into the final day .
However he lost the doubles with Jamie Delgado , during which Murray damaged his shoulder and neck .
Seven months later , as the brothers prepared for the tie against Austria , Andy declared that he had healed the rift with Jamie .
Along with his brother Jamie , he advanced to the second round of the doubles competition with a win over the Canadian pairing of Daniel Nestor and Frédéric Niemeyer .
The film tells the story of writer Roger Henderson trying to settle relationship issues with his wife while dealing with a whodunit murder mystery in a radio station .
Max explains that his killings were a revenge scheme that dealt with stock holders and patents , specifically detailing his invention of television , which other scientists have copied .
 The " neo @-@ operatic " opening track " Foolish Love " , arranged by Van Dyke Parks , was described by Allmusic contributor Matthew Greenwald as a " lush , orchestral @-@ soaked ballad , with incredible strings " .
The Inuit had more limited interaction with European settlers during that early period .
The album uses between 200 and 300 samples ; each song is built from between 20 and 30 samples heavily processed with the software packages AudioMulch and Cool Edit Pro , in many cases beyond recognition .
After her departure from the show , Hurd said , " I think it 's just sad they didn 't have faith to stick around with me . "
The pavilion is built partially atop the Harris Theater for Music and Dance , the park 's indoor performing arts venue , with which it shares a loading dock and backstage facilities .
By June 24 , it began interacting with the extension of a monsoon trough in the region , generating broad cyclonic flow and scattered convection in conjunction with an upper trough to its northwest .
Officials in Cameron County ordered the preparation of sandbags , as well as the inspection of water pumps and vehicles to deal with floodwaters .
Somewhat similar to the description of Sima Xiangru , Zhang described the Western Han emperors and their entourage enjoying boat outings , water plays , fishing , and displays of archery targeting birds and other animals with stringed arrows from the tops of tall towers along Chang 'an 's Kunming Lake .
 Zhang Heng is often credited with inventing the first odometer , an achievement also attributed to Archimedes ( c .
Comparing Zhang with his contemporary , Ptolemy ( 83 – 161 ) of Roman Egypt , Jin Guantao , Fan Hongye , and Liu Qingfeng state :
 The rapid success of flex vehicles was made possible by the existence of 33 @,@ 000 filling stations with at least one ethanol pump available by 2006 , a heritage of the early Pró @-@ Álcool ethanol program .
 In 2013 , Ford launched the first flex fuel car with direct injection : the Focus 2 @.
The Treaty of Melno closed a chapter in the Knights ' wars with Lithuania but did little to settle their long @-@ term issues with Poland .
Robbie Daw from Idolator said that " Madge [ is ] doing what she does best : turning up the heat on the dance floor , " but that " the song is packed with tried @-@ but @-@ true sexual pop cliches . "
The movement opens with calls derived from the chorale tune played on the two horns , leading to a free concerto with the strings and oboes .
The second part is a dramatic recitative with strings , first expressing " Verfolgung , Leiden , Trübsal " ( persecution , sorrow , trouble ) in a broken melodic line against sustained string chords , then " Thy rod and Thy staff comfort me " , where the " first violins weave a comforting little melody " .
Other dishes in that section include " Pancetta @-@ Wrapped Monkfish with Cauliflower Flan " and " Bluefish with Corn , Avocado , and Bacon Salad " .
Realizing she has been exposed , Fauxlivia forces Peter to inject himself with a paralyzing agent .
 As this transpires , Fauxlivia meets with a shapeshifter at the station to inject her with resonating rods .
The transport of the material from the outer disk can mix these newly formed dust grains with primordial ones , which contain organic matter and other volatiles .
A desire to see his children , most of whom were living with relatives scattered throughout Kentucky and Virginia , also factored into his decision to resign his post in 1847 .
After touring with her former group Fugees , Hill became involved in a romantic relationship with Jamaican entrepreneur Rohan Marley , and shortly after , became pregnant with his child .
The pitch has Desso GrassMaster , a natural grass pitch with artificial fibers sown in for increase strength .
Large indoor and outdoor growing operations have been discovered on private , state , and forest lands , with plants numbering in the thousands .
 Scott Esposito of webzine PopMatters gave the novel mixed comments , writing that " it is no surprise that Apex Hides the Hurt , Whitehead 's third novel , is packed with a number of allegorical elements blended into a multi @-@ layered structure .
She stands with her blond hair draped just below her exposed shoulders .
Additionally , she places her face delicately against dripping water , gently brushing it with her lips and palms .
The scene in which Milhouse passes Lisa 's note to Nelson was written by Bill Oakley , with the line " He can 't hear you , we had to pack his ears with gauze " being George Meyer 's line .
The medic 's line " He can 't hear you , we had to pack his ears with gauze " is one of Matt Groening 's favorites .
As the family of Sinclair Broadcast Group founder Julian Smith controlled 97 % of Glencairn 's stock assets ( which remains the case under its Cunningham structure ) and the company was to be paid with Sinclair stock in turn for the purchases , KOKH and Sinclair @-@ owned WB affiliate KOCB ( now a CW affiliate ) would effectively constitute a duopoly in violation of FCC rules .
She wore a wreath made from gold oak leaves , and her clothing had been sewn with gold @-@ leaf ovals decorated with female faces .
 The 4th Chasseurs battalion , 800 strong , now came up on the flank of the British guardsmen and the two battalions of British Foot Guards lost all cohesion and dashed back up the slope as a disorganized crowd with the chasseurs in pursuit .
The multitude of carcasses , the heaps of wounded men with mangled limbs unable to move , and perishing from not having their wounds dressed or from hunger , as the Allies were , of course , obliged to take their surgeons and waggons with them , formed a spectacle I shall never forget .
She continued with this work after marrying James and giving birth to her two daughters .
Until the mid @-@ 19th century , polecats in Britain were hunted from early February to late April with mixed packs of hunting dogs on the Welsh hills and Lakeland fells , though otterhounds were used on the fells , the Border country and the Scottish Lowlands .
With too little buoyancy forward the bows were easily buried even in moderate seas , with spray washing up over both forward turrets .
Despite statutory damages claims of $ 150 @,@ 000 , users reported settling claims with the film maker for $ 5 @,@ 000 to $ 8 @,@ 000 .
 Perovskia atriplicifolia is a deciduous perennial subshrub with an erect to spreading habit .
 Following its introduction to the United Kingdom in 1904 , the Irish gardener and author William Robinson was immediately taken with the plant , which he described as being " worth a place in the choicest garden for its graceful habit and long season of beauty . "
 In 1946 " With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock " , which Formby had recorded in 1937 , began to cause problems at the BBC for broadcasts of Formby or his music .
The producer of one of Formby 's live television programmes received a letter from a BBC manager that stated " We have no record that " With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock " is banned .
 Instead of the traditional summer camp at Fort Clinton , MacArthur had the cadets trained to use modern weapons by regular army sergeants at Fort Dix ; they then marched back to West Point with full packs .
On the other hand , MacArthur 's intelligence chief General Charles A. Willoughby , whom MacArthur called " my lovable fascist " cultivated connections with former members of the Japanese military and secret police .
MacArthur compared his plan with that of General James Wolfe at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham , and brushed aside the problems of tides , hydrography and terrain .
Initially attracting large crowds , by early 1952 MacArthur 's speeches were attracting smaller and smaller numbers of people as many complained that MacArthur seemed more interested in settling scores with Truman and praising himself than in offering up a constructive vision for the nation .
McLean finished the season with a losing 23 – 26 – 3 record , as the Canucks finished with the seventh seed in the Western Conference .
The other actors in the family all said they were looking forward to joining the show , with James saying " [ I 'm ] really looking forward to the challenges of working on such a huge programme , " and Shah commenting " Joining EastEnders is a dream come true .
This is a very talented bunch of actors , who 've had to put up with a lot of stick for problems which have not been of their making .
With hangings taking place on Monday mornings , at 8 : 00 am , condemned prisoners were woken three hours earlier , and provided with a last meal , shower , and clean clothes .
As division 3 prisoners were let inside at around 4 pm , a voice exclaimed " Let 's take ' em " , and simultaneously , guards were splashed with boiling water , usually used for making tea .
McCay 's ability to draw quickly with great accuracy drew crowds when he painted advertisements in public .
He played most nights during the weekend to capacity crowds with Abdul @-@ Malik , drummer Roy Haynes , and tenor saxophonist Johnny Griffin , who had performed with Monk before .
Keepnews returned to the venue on August 7 when Monk performed an evening show in the club 's overcrowded room set up with recording equipment .
Adams also complimented the show for " stop [ ing ] every so often to acknowledge the fans that have stuck with the series [ and ] also mak [ ing ] subtler callbacks to the show ’ s glory days . "
It is either hollow or lightly stuffed with a cottony tissue .
The enzymes that degrade cellulose are homologous to the enzymes used by ectomycorrhizal fungi that have symbiotic associations with plant roots .
Having settled the situation with Jack , Liz tries to talk to her assistant Cerie about her attire , which seems to distract the writers .
Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports that just 24 % of critics ( of the 188 counted reviews ) gave the film a positive review , and the site 's consensus reads " Slow , joyless and loaded with unintentionally humorous moments , Breaking Dawn Part 1 may satisfy the Twilight faithful , but it 's strictly for fans of the franchise " .
As the story progresses , Hanuman , for all his services , is heaped with encomium and is exalted to the status of " the next creator " .
The pair , along with Sammo Hung , were Peking Opera School classmates and co @-@ starred in a number of action comedy films in the 1980s , including Project A , Wheels on Meals , and the Lucky Stars trilogy .
Chan had originally intended to co @-@ star with both Yuen and Hung , reuniting the trio for the first time since 1988 film Dragons Forever .
Chan 's combat choreography included the use of improvised weapons in combat ; when he fought a pair of skilled henchmen in a deep freeze room , he defeated them by spraying them with milk and then using a large fan to blast them with cold air .
Before it was well clear of the launch site , the Eagle had turned from a supposedly steerable craft into an ordinary hydrogen balloon with a few ropes hanging from it , at the mercy of the wind ; its crew had no means to direct it to any particular goal and had too little ballast for stability .
 The Eagle had been stocked with safety equipment such as guns , snowshoes , sleds , skis , a tent , a small boat ( in the form of a bundle of bent sticks , to be assembled and covered with balloon silk ) , most of it stored not in the basket but in the storage space arranged above the balloon ring .
 Epacris impressa grows as a woody shrub with an erect habit , sometimes reaching 2 to 3 m ( 6 ft 7 in to 9 ft 10 in ) in height although plants in the range of 0 @.
However , controlled cross @-@ pollination between plants with short and long corollas showed that there was no incompatibility between them .
Balabushka used a distinguishing reddish @-@ brown bumper , and employed Cortland Irish linen for many of his wraps , with the highly sought after leather wrap a rare departure for him and a distinct value enhancer .
One side argues that he used an oil finish on all his cues , while the other insists that his later cues were coated with a spray lacquer .
Besides work with Walsh in his band The James Gang and as a solo @-@ artist , he also brought Walsh in to work on several albums he was doing with other musicians , using him as a session player for the B.
The player compiles * Emilia onto their system , and the two learn of a " payload " that the other AIs have developed , which can cause * Reaper to self @-@ terminate ; however , infecting * Reaper with it requires that an AI be recompiled with it as living bait , meaning permanent deletion .
The majority of the criticism for the game was in regards to the interface used to navigate the online world ; while The Economist found it quirky and realistic , Gillen felt that it made it easy for the player to miss a key message , leaving the player stuck with no direction as to where to turn .
Irving is eventually discovered by Robert hanging from the ceiling with the word " theef " painted in Irving 's blood on the wall .
The Ship Canal Company found it difficult to attract a diversified export trade , which meant that ships not uncommonly had to return down the canal loaded with ballast rather than freight .
Originally only hence specifying 0 @-@ 4 @-@ 0 wheel arrangements , later 0 @-@ 6 @-@ 0 locomotives - purchased to cope with increasing traffic and loads - had flangeless centre axles , whilst the coupling rods had a hinged central section that permitted several inches of lateral play .
While most of the suits were made out of foam latex , others derived from spandex , which was sprayed with balloon rubber , ultimately giving the illusion of a lean shape .
Jake McNeill of Digital Entertainment News wrote that the episode is " so jam @-@ packed with guest celebrity voices that they ran out of room for a plot .
The buildings once served as a fishery premises , with facilities for drying and packaging fish and warehouses for fish , barrels and other items .
On September 15 , 2013 , during a game against the San Francisco 49ers , the fans broke the Guinness World Record for loudest crowd roar at an outdoor stadium with 136 @.
Norie , with his sons James ( 1711 – 36 ) and Robert ( d .
He has been compared with John Constable and described as the " Scottish Impressionist " , with free brushwork often depicting stormy seas and moving clouds .
Closely paralleling Devil 's Foot Road , Route 403 continues eastward before interchanging with U.S. Route 1 ( Post Road ) and Davisville Road ; the two roads are served via a single exit .
He also notes the influence of Sega in the development of online gaming , with the Meganet service as their first attempt , and credits the Meganet 's successor , Sega Channel , with helping to spread broadband Internet .
He removed the concealed pistol from his coat pocket and loaded it with three .38 caliber rounds while in the bathroom .
 The novel was adapted into two films , with The Hunger Games : Mockingjay – Part 1 released in November 2014 and The Hunger Games : Mockingjay – Part 2 released a year later .
 Peter discusses Scrubs with Horace in the bar , a show for which both Neil Goldman and Garrett Donovan have written .
He thanked his fans for " sticking with me on this very obtuse and strange road . "
The Portland Mercury 's Katie Shimer called the bar " one million percent fun " and said , " Whatever your fetish , the strippers deliver ... Make sure you stuff your pockets with singles , ' cause you 'll be spending at least a good hour at the rack . "
The player controls the player @-@ character with the left analog stick , the game 's camera view with the right thumbstick , and the character attacks and abilities with the controller 's triggers .
The population of these communities changed over the 17th century as war ( sometimes with European settlers and sometimes with the neighboring Iroquois ) , disease , and migration made them smaller and more diverse .
The male assumes a pompous demeanor , and follows the female , whether on the ground or on the branches , with spread tail and drooping wings , which it rubs against the part over which it is moving .
In the first days after hatching , they live on their remaining embryonic yolk supply and are not able to swim , but attach to plants or the egg capsule with two balancers , adhesive organs on their head .
Alternatively , the complex geological history of the Balkan peninsula may have further separated populations there , with subsequent allopatric speciation and the spread of species into their current ranges .
 In his 1961 memoir , Veeck as in Wreck , longtime baseball executive and owner Bill Veeck told of his plan , in 1942 , to buy the Phillies and stock the team with Negro League stars .
 Among the companies with manufacturing plants in Arad are Arad Textile Industries , one of Israel 's largest producers of towels , Flextronics Israel , A.M.S.
Covell is interred with his wife Annie at Indian Mound Cemetery in Romney .
 The first features " haunting " strings with " electronica effects " and " solid rock roots " .
 Temeraire 's one brush with the French during this period came on 13 August 1811 .
Much of it was left in the homes of private citizens from the days of the English Civil War , as the former members of Oliver Cromwell 's New Model Army still retained their muskets and the powder with which to load them .
They ordered the boatman to go " so near the fire as we could for smoke ; and all over the Thames , with one 's face in the wind , you were almost burned with a shower of firedrops " .
In the evening , Evelyn reported that the river was covered with barges and boats making their escape piled with goods .
He observed a great exodus of carts and pedestrians through the bottleneck City gates , making for the open fields to the north and east , " which for many miles were strewed with moveables of all sorts , and tents erecting to shelter both people and what goods they could get away .
It had been crammed full of rescued goods and its crypt filled with the tightly packed stocks of the printers and booksellers in adjoining Paternoster Row .
These economies in construction meant that only locomotives with low axle loadings could operate safely over the track .
 Richard Maunsell was appointed CME of the SECR in 1913 , following the enforced retirement of Harry Wainwright , who had left a range of competent but unspectacular locomotive classes that struggled to cope with the increased train lengths and loadings .
The resulting prototype 3 @-@ cylinder " K1 " was narrower than the K class and hence could work on routes with restricted loading gauge .
The BSAC sought to further expand its influence north of the Zambezi , and to that end regularly sent expeditions into what was dubbed North @-@ Eastern Rhodesia to negotiate concessions with local rulers and found settlements .
 Clark became a successful farmer , experimenting with the growing of rubber , cotton and other plants previously absent from the area .
These factors , combined with ample stocks of cents and nickels , made the three @-@ cent nickel , a non @-@ silver coin of odd denomination , less desirable .
Dave West from Digital Spy described it as a " blistering performance " , and claimed Carey " wowed " the crowd with her live rendition of the song .
It includes some classic moments of a Homer idiocy — hard to beat him chasing squirrels with a stick — and one of the better visual gags via Burns ’ chair .
 In the early 18th century Tyldesley was a collection of cottages and farms around the halls scattered across the township with no church or inn .
 " They never touch food with their fingers , but instead use two small sticks that they hold with three fingers . "
 On March 28 , the second phase of the operation started when several hundred rebels marched into Saigon dressed all in white , armed with only sticks and spears .
 Before daybreak on February 15 , 1916 , between 100 and 300 Vietnamese wearing white headbands , white trousers and black tops , armed with sticks , farm implements and knives , sailed along the Arroyo Chinoise waterway and disembarked near the centre of Saigon .
Having no innate immunity to M. cerebralis , rainbow trout are particularly susceptible , and can release so many spores that even more resistant species in the same area , such as S. trutta , can become overloaded with parasites and incur 80 % – 90 % mortalities .
The singer claims to have wept — rather than sung — the album 's last track , " Gwreiddiau Dwfn " / " Mawrth Oer Ar y Blaned Neifion " , which features lyrics " so bleak it 's almost comic " about " being rooted to a sad piece of land [ ... ] being doomed to live somewhere and that 's all you have and that 's what you 're stuck with " .
 In the broader scheme , the series of battles beginning with the losses at Stockach and Engen and ending at Neuburg broke the Austrian control along the strategic Danube .
 Further recognition came with the hanging of one of Fuller 's paintings , Summer Breezes , at the Royal Academy in 1904 .
 North Island is considered to have high conservation value with respect to its populations of brush bronzewing and Abrolhos painted buttonquail , and its dune , limestone and salt lake vegetation communities .
 With the export issue settled , GE and SNECMA finalized the agreement that formed CFM International ( CFMI ) , a 50 – 50 joint company that would be responsible for producing and marketing the 10 @-@ ton engine , the CFM56 .
Revenue crews from Blacklion and Glenfarne intercepted over one hundred men with donkey loads of smuggled flour .
In a more negative review of the album , Jesse Cataldo of Slant wrote that " the band 's songs are catchy at heart , enjoyable in a trifling but substantial way , until they 're smeared with layer after layer of smarm , nullifying any chance of their music being consumed as a simple , empty pleasure . "
Airport runways are also deiced by sprayers fitted with long spraying arms .
A number of graves were also discovered , one of which had been covered by an unmarked stone , but they had been robbed and filled with rubble containing fragments of human bone .
 " Time " begins with two stick figures , a woman and a man , building a sand castle complex on a beach .
The man is unscathed , but the woman sustains a wound to her leg which they wrap with a flag brought from when they were creating the sand castle .
The songs were strung together with a bit of character and plot and a good bit of improvisation .
 Alex Trickett of BBC Sport gave it 85 % and stated , " If you like pure simulation stick with world number one Tiger Woods , but if you are ready for a wackier round of golf , let your favourite Italian plumber come to the fore . "
With the Roman army stuck on the eastern bank of the Euphrates , Julian 's successor Jovian made peace , agreeing to major concessions in exchange for safe passage out of Sassanid territory .
 The sources for the history of Parthia and the wars with Rome are scant and scattered .
A typical routine will involve a customer ordering a fish , with their fishmongers in orange rubber overalls and boots calling out the order , which is loudly shouted back by all the other staff , at which point the original fishmonger will throw the customer 's fish behind the counter for wrapping .
 For a few centuries , Europeans had experimented with American vines and plants in their soil , and many varieties were imported from America without regulation , disregarding the possibility of pest transfer , and related problems .
 There is still no remedy , as such , for the Phylloxera , or the disease it brings with it , and it still poses a substantial threat to any vineyard not planted with grafted rootstock .
Raymond Hook and Humphrey Slade ascended to map the mountain , and stocked several of the streams with trout .
Later Norse settlement was probably most extensive in Orkney and Shetland , with lighter settlement in the western islands , particularly the Hebrides and on the mainland in Caithness , stretching along fertile river valleys through Sutherland and into Ross .
 The kingdom of Dál Riata has been seen as a cross @-@ roads between the artistic styles of the Picts and those of Ireland , with which the Scots settlers in what is now Argyll kept close contacts .
It is available for download only with no physical release , and as the servers are in Europe , the payment is listed in euros .
A few moments later , the steam boiler was also dynamited , showering the deputies with timber , iron and cable .
That night , some of the miners loaded a flatcar with dynamite and attempted to roll it toward the deputies ' camp .
The deputies were exchanging gunfire with the miners on Bull Hill .
 Initially , the federal government honored its treaties with the tribes , but with increasing numbers of white settlers moving into the area , the settlers began to infringe upon the fishing rights of the native tribes .
It was cool there , with cadavers hanging all around " , Vonnegut said . "
However , when Spider announced that he wanted to settle down and buy a house with Toyah , the couple realised that they had started to drift apart .
 Between 1918 and 1922 , over 350 Percherons were imported to Britain from France and , combined with stock from the US and Canada , were used as breeding stock to establish the breed in the country .
In both the Falkland Islands and northern Australia , Percherons have been crossed with local mares , primarily Criollos in the Falklands , to produce larger stock horses with greater stamina .
 In the aftermath , Mike and Kay celebrate with Cindy and Sandy , who survived their brush with the shark at the snapshot to portraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends .
Derek Winnert says that " with Richard Matheson 's name on the script you 'd expect a better yarn " although he continues to say that the film " is entirely watchable with a big pack of popcorn . "
 Wilfrid attended the synod , or council , of Whitby , as a member of the party favouring the continental practice of dating Easter , along with James the Deacon , Agilbert , and Alhfrith .
The papacy was trying to prevent the removal of actual body parts from Rome , restricting collectors to things that had come in contact with the bodily remains such as dust and cloth .
 In disability skiing events , this classification is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the Slalom and Giant Slalom .
A violent new street gang youth culture emerged around 1968 , and spread with increasing lawlessness across large parts of the Bronx by 1973 .
With Bronx clubs ' struggling with street gangs , uptown DJs ' catering to an older disco crowd with different aspirations , and commercial radio also catering to a demographic distinct from teenagers in the Bronx , Herc 's parties had a ready @-@ made audience .
Edith Porada , the first to propose this identification , associates hanging wings with demons and then states : " If the suggested provenience of the Burney Relief at Nippur proves to be correct , the imposing demonic figure depicted on it may have to be identified with the female ruler of the dead or with some other major figure of the Old Babylonian pantheon which was occasionally associated with death . "
Two blocks from Market Street , NY 12E intersects with James Street , which leads to Wolfe Island via Horne 's Ferry .
Terrified , Marta abandons her pack and begins a journey in search of her home ; she eventually arrives in Ninemile Valley , where she finds a new mate with whom she starts a new pack .
In the following year , the song won a BMI Pop Award , and shared the 2007 Japan Gold Disc Award for the most @-@ downloaded international song with " You Raise Me Up " by Celtic Woman and " Dani California " by Red Hot Chili Peppers .
On 12 September the first prototype flew 9 @,@ 020 km ( 5 @,@ 600 mi ) with a bomb load of 5 @,@ 000 kg ( 11 @,@ 000 lb ) and landed with enough fuel remaining to have covered 12 @,@ 018 km ( 7 @,@ 468 mi ) .
Other alterations to the promenade were made , particularly around key areas such as the Jubilee Clock and the pier bandstand , with the introduction of new cafes and bars that connect the promenade and beach using innovative design , shaped like an upturned boat , also including a lighting scheme and seating areas with planting , fountains and trees .
In the aftermath of the First World War it became the accepted practice in Hungary for citizens with Germanic surnames to adopt Hungarian ones .
 On 16 August 1942 , a convoy of three slow transport ships loaded with 1 @,@ 411 Japanese soldiers from the 28th " Ichiki " Infantry Regiment as well as several hundred naval troops from the 5th Yokosuka Special Naval Landing Force ( SNLF ) , departed the major Japanese base at Truk Lagoon ( Chuuk ) and headed towards Guadalcanal .
During the editing of the episode , executive producer Greg Daniels publicly addressed NBC in an interview , stating , " I 'd like to get a supersized episode , because it ’ s a really long script with a lot of good stuff . "
It is loaded with movies , songs and games .
 The earliest divergence within the Neognathes was that of the Galloanserae , the superorder containing the Anseriformes ( ducks , geese , swans and screamers ) and the Galliformes ( the pheasants , grouse , and their allies , together with the mound builders and the guans and their allies ) .
During nest construction , some species seek out plant matter from plants with parasite @-@ reducing toxins to improve chick survival , and feathers are often used for nest insulation .
 During the 1880s , living at the Goulden cottage with her parents in Seedley , Emmeline Pankhurst tended to her husband and children , but still devoted time to political activities .
Police responded with mass arrests , torture and extrajudicial killings , with corpses hung on trees to intimidate dissidents .
Because both boats were in poor condition and overloaded with personnel , the maximum speed they could achieve was no more than 29 knots .
Particularly active in the Kaunas pogrom was the so @-@ called " Death Dealer of Kaunas " , a young man who murdered Jews with a crowbar at the Lietukis Garage before a large crowd that cheered each killing with much applause ; he occasionally paused to play the Lithuanian national anthem " Tautiška giesmė " on his accordion before resuming the killings .
On October 23 , 1983 a large truck loaded with 2 @,@ 500 pounds of TNT crashed through the main gate of the U.S. Marine Headquarters in Beirut , Lebanon killing 241 servicemen ( mostly made up of U.S. Marines ) and wounding 81 .
 Although Virginia was settled in 1607 with the advent of the Jamestown Colony , it was not until 1680 that Europeans occupied Chincoteague Island .
Main Street was so crowded with cars that parking meters were installed .
Iron bands were wrapped around the tower to strengthen it but these soon snapped , and by the 19th century large cracks , which had appeared in the tower , were filled with broken bricks and rubble and covered over with roughcast as an interim solution .
Aylward 's daughter Julia had died in 1862 aged 15 and is buried in the churchyard ; her grave was planted with snowdrops at her mother 's request , which still bloom each spring .
 Liverworts are typically small , usually from 2 – 20 mm wide with individual plants less than 10 cm long , and are therefore often overlooked .
@ 8 in ) wide with individual plants less than 10 centimetres ( 4 in ) long , so they are often overlooked .
As with most groups of living plants , they are most common ( both in numbers and species ) in moist tropical areas .
The coin was placed inside a holder with wax paper window , secured into place with heavy string with that mint 's seal .
Eight days later his training group returned to Fels am Wagram because Markersdorf was overcrowded with other flight courses .
Kure Naval Arsenal took advantage of the delay with Ibuki to stockpile material and components and set a record between keel @-@ laying and launching of five months , a figure only bettered by Portsmouth Naval Dockyard when they built the battleship Dreadnought in only four months .
At the contest , Grimes is shocked when Homer 's model , which is almost exactly the same as the current power plant with only a few modifications , easily wins against Ralph Wiggum 's Malibu Stacy dream house , and Martin Prince 's futuristic model that supplies power to the room .
Mendelian genetics , a series of 19th Century experiments with pea plant variations rediscovered in 1900 , was integrated with natural selection by Ronald Fisher during the 1910s to 1930s , and along with J.
 In Augustine 's De Genesi contra Manichæos , on Genesis he says : " To suppose that God formed man from the dust with bodily hands is very childish .
When Stewie is being sprayed by Brian with sun @-@ screen , Ralph Furley enters the room and mistakenly thinks he sees Brian ejaculating on Stewie .
Chess , commonly held to have originated in India as chaturaṅga , is regaining widespread popularity with the rise in the number of Indian grandmasters .
In likely landing spots for gliders and parachutists , the Germans emplanted slanted poles with sharpened tops , which the troops called Rommelspargel ( " Rommel 's Asparagus " ) .
Monroe devised many of her publicity strategies , cultivated friendships with gossip columnists such as Sidney Skolsky and Louella Parsons , and controlled the use of her images .
 On April 4 , 2009 , Burton was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , with fellow Metallica bandmates James Hetfield , Lars Ulrich and Kirk Hammett .
With its cultural influence spreading over most of the Mediterranean , Romans began accepting foreign gods into their own culture , as well as other philosophical traditions such as Cynicism and Stoicism .
Players run on walls , double jump with a jet pack , vault over obstacles , glide across ziplines , and chain together combos .
Three DLC packs are expected with the season pass .
Gies of Polygon wished for more customization options and IGN 's McCaffrey praised the maps , which ranged from " very good to great " — from the fast @-@ action ziplines in the very good desert " Boneyard " to the great tiny village " Colony " with crowded houses to exchange gunfire across varied heights .
One starboard lifeboat , crammed with women and children , capsized when others tried to board it .
 " Boosey & Hawkes Settle with Disney " .
The NTropZ is generally stable in coloration , changing in tint only in tandem with activity on the NTB 's southern jet stream .
 When I make my first entrance , I 'd like to come out of the door carrying a cane and then walk toward the crowd with a limp .
Conflict with Native Americans continued throughout the American Revolution , as some hoped that the war would end with expulsion of the settlers from their territory .
 Shortly after its reopening following the collision with the James Prior , the bridge briefly attained national prominence on 20 January 2006 when a 19 @-@ foot ( 5 @.
Major A roads link Astley with other settlements , including the A580 " East Lancashire Road " , which opened in 1934 bisecting the village .
Bush 's order prohibits Americans from doing business with these institutions suspected of helping spread weapons of mass destruction and being supportive of terrorism .
 He makes regular appearances at various events throughout the Dallas / Fort Worth area , most notably when he conducted the opening coin toss at the Dallas Cowboys first game in the team 's new stadium in Arlington and an April 2009 visit to a Texas Rangers game , where he thanked the people of Dallas for helping him settle in and was met with a standing ovation .
The largest footprint had coal @-@ fired power plants with 18 m2a / MWh .
With trembling hand I shall cultivate sensibility , and cherish delicacy of sentiment , lest , whilst I lend fresh blushes to the rose , I sharpen the thorns that will wound the breast I would fain guard — I dread to unfold her mind , lest it should render her unfit for the world she is to inhabit — Hapless woman !
 Although there was no recognizable nationalist movement among the indigenous population until 1908 , Dutch authorities feared that nationalist sentiments would spread with the growth of ethnically mixed associations , known as kongsi .
Along with one of his envoys James Riady , son of financial magnate Mochtar Riady , Habibie appealed to Chinese Indonesians seeking refuge throughout East Asia , Australia , and North America to return and promised security from various government ministries as well as other political figures , such as Abdurrahman Wahid and Amien Rais .
She worked briefly as an interpreter for military officials in China before settling in Paris to study art with Alexandre Jacovleff .
He started his career with his local side Stockport County , where he stayed for 10 years before moving to Liverpool in 2007 .
He went on to make one other senior appearance for Stockport before the club were approached by Liverpool requesting an opportunity to take both Crowther and Greg Tansey on trial with a view to take them to a tournament in Milan , and agreed deals with Stockport for both players subject to satisfactory performances from the players at the tournament .
The players both went to the tournament and Crowther joined Liverpool on 9 July 2007 , with Tansey deciding to stay at Stockport .
Although traditionally having had ties with the community of Norse settlers in northern Scotland , Scottish rulers had increasingly asserted their sovereignty over the entire mainland .
According to Shaheem Reid of MTV News , all the women moved with the precision " of a Navy Seal strike force " , slaying the crowd with their synchronized dances .
The inadequate facilities and equipment , as well as difficulties in interchanging equipment with 4 ft 8 1 ⁄ 2 in ( 1 @,@ 435 mm ) standard gauge lines , contributed to its entering receivership in August 1883 .
After Murphy called for help , an MH @-@ 47 Chinook helicopter loaded with reinforcements was dispatched to rescue the team , but was shot down with an RPG , killing all 16 personnel aboard ; eight SEALs and eight service members from the 160th SOAR .
She continued to wrestle with the stable while they feuded with The Disciples of the New Church , taking part in an angle with Father James Mitchell burning her with a fireball and wrestling in another Clockwork Orange House of Fun match before leaving the company .
The angle had the two Divas competing together in tag team matches , with James ' character becoming increasingly obsessed with Stratus .
On the November 20 episode of SmackDown , after James defeated Layla , McCool gave James the nickname " Piggy James " , that sent James to tears , resulting in a five @-@ on @-@ five elimination tag team match at the November pay @-@ per @-@ view Survivor Series , where James ' team prevailed over McCool 's team , with James and Melina as the sole survivors .
Over the following couple of weeks , SmackDown consultant Vickie Guerrero was introduced into the rivalry , choosing to side with LayCool over James .
, Rayne agreed to give James another title match at Lockdown , with the added stipulation that should James fail to win the title , she would have to shave her hair off .
At the December 6 airing of World Cup of Wrestling , James was announced as a member of Team USA , along with James Storm , Christopher Daniels , Kazarian and Kenny King .
A later US version of the video saw the mermaids wear bathing suits , while the uncut version was later compiled along with other Radiohead videos on the DVD and home video release 7 Television Commercials and The Best Of DVD .
Another proposed idea building a giant doll of an " achtung baby " , complete with an inflatable penis that would spray on the audience , but it was deemed too expensive and was abandoned .
So if it turns out they want to do a song for five minutes longer , they can actually loop through the material again so that you 're not suddenly stuck with black screens halfway through the fifth verse . "
Recording sessions for the album took place during 2003 to 2004 , with its production handled by his longtime collaborator Jermaine Dupri , alongside with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and Lil Jon , among others .
Throwing grenades and spraying the area with PPSh @-@ 41 " burp gun " fire , the North Koreans quickly overran the position .
A very minor meteor shower peaks around July 14 with around one meteor an hour , though meteors can be seen anytime from July 3 to 18 ; this shower is referred to as the July Phoenicids .
But after a Professor Danner ( Lucien Littlefield ) injects Kipp with a serum that gives him superhuman strength , he becomes an unstoppable player and wins the heart of the self @-@ centered quarterback 's girlfriend ( June Travis ) .
 Trigg was appointed to the Virginia Land Court Commission in 1779 , charged with settling land titles in Kentucky .
Trigg was appointed as one of the judges to the Virginia Land Court commission of 1779 – 80 charged with settling land disputes in Kentucky County , Virginia .
It was to carry a 9 @,@ 000 kg ( 19 @,@ 841 lb ) payload with a maximum loiter time of 10 @.
The trial proved a popular one , with crowds of people outside the court house trying to see the defendants or barristers involved .
In Victoria it is widespread across an area from the NSW border south west to Wallan with scattered populations recorded further west .
 Following hospitalization , Shinji moves in with Misato and begins settling in to life in Tokyo @-@ 3 .
It was released on August 24 , 1999 by Bong Load Records in collaboration with Wax Tadpole Records , an independent record label that the band formed after being dropped by Reprise Records in 1997 .
As a result , the band signed a deal with Bong Load Records and formed Wax Tadpole Records , an independent record label named after the first song of their self @-@ titled debut album .
Our approach was to pretty much do what we 've always done , but we 're not concerned with sticking with a particular style .
@ 8 m ) in length , proved to be too heavy to be held up with strings and was instead supported by a metal pole .
In his BBC Online review , Peter Marsh opines that the darker tone of the music is reflective of Captain Scarlet as a programme featuring realistic puppets and death , frightening alien villains and " no laughs " , stating that " dissonant vibraphone chords shimmer under hovering , tremulous strings contrasted with urgent , militaristic drums and pulsing brass – driving the action ever onto its climax ( and , no doubt , a big explosion ) . "
She was paid $ 350 to sew five hundred tribbles from synthetic fur and stuff them with foam rubber .
The affect may also be described as reactive , in other words changing flexibly and appropriately with the flow of conversation , or as unreactive .
 Kate Flannery , who plays Meredith , called the episode one of her favorites to shoot because she " was stuck in a van with Mindy Kaling , Jenna Fischer , Angela Kinsey , Rashida Jones , Phyllis Smith and Steve Carell for two days . "
Flannery said of the episode , " We shot some really fun stuff with Steve and the ladies just running around the mall .
 The wreck is generally intact although draped with snagged fishing nets .
Five 0 @-@ 8 @-@ 4T locomotives , with even distribution of axle load , were constructed to Calthrop 's specification by Kitson & Co .
A crystalline form of scent secretion is coated on these hairs and is released when in contact with objects like plants .
Capybara scent @-@ mark by rubbing their morillo on an object , or by walking over scrub and marking it with their anal glands .
Many arrangements lean heavily on the rhythm section , with lesser contributions from strings , brass and woodwinds .
From Elvis in Memphis became one of American Sound Studio 's best @-@ known productions , with Dusty Springfield 's Dusty in Memphis ; both albums reflected similar times and musical trends on the Memphis scene .
 The Motown Record Corporation in Detroit , Michigan became successful with a string of heavily pop @-@ influenced soul records , which were palatable enough to white listeners so as to allow R & B and soul to crossover to mainstream audiences .
 Inspired by the lyrical focus of surf , if not the musical basis , The Beach Boys began their career in 1961 with a string of hits like " Surfin ' U.S.A. " .
The canopy at the dais end of the Great Hall was destroyed – although part of it can still be seen in the north wall – when a floor was inserted and new rooms were formed with lath and plaster partitions .
During his second , he worked with James L. Fisk and Ernest Lawrence to examine how a Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty could be monitored .
He did not bat in the second innings and took 1 / 30 as the home side managed to hang on with seven wickets down .
The game was released on Steam on August 29 , 2005 along with the High Definition Pack .
At General Motors , Thomas also worked on a process for extracting bromine from sea water , and with Midgely on making synthetic rubber from isoprene .
He delivered it some days later to Yale 's New Haven , Connecticut campus , though not before the Lampoon took photographs of the canine licking the boots of the John Harvard statue , which had been smeared with hamburger .
After heavy snowfalls , the birds cannot access the shorter shrubs as they are blanketed with snow , so they will eat the taller species that poke through .
It stated that the mine was hot with high levels of coal dust present .
Following his release from the hospital , he flew subsequent missions with his leg in a plaster cast .
In his last 32 match with Mark King at the UK Championship , O 'Sullivan sat with a wet towel draped over his head for most of the contest , and lost 8 – 9 .
He showers her with gifts , and soon establishes a luxurious house for her and M. Marneffe , with whom he works at the War Department .
He performed in Europe , North and South America , and finally settled with his sister Amalia in San Juan , Puerto Rico , where she had opened a singing school .
 At 9 : 30 a.m. on May 24 , 1988 , a tanker truck loaded with as much as 3 @,@ 000 imperial gallons ( 14 @,@ 000 l ) of propane fuel overturned and exploded into flames along the expressway .
Several of the Frank sisters ' school friends had survived , as had the extended families of Otto and Edith Frank , as they had fled Germany during the mid @-@ 1930s , with individual family members settling in Switzerland , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
 Digby unsuccessfully sought an audience with James to try and explain himself , in Fraser 's opinion suggesting either that the extent of his involvement was limited , or that he was " astonishingly naive and trusting of his sovereign 's forgiveness . "
The singer collaborated with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and DJ Clue , who co @-@ produced the album .
Compared with a gaseous diffusion plant or a nuclear reactor , an electromagnetic separation plant would consume more scarce materials , require more manpower to operate , and cost more to build .
A wooden test platform was erected 800 yards ( 730 m ) from Ground Zero and piled with 100 long tons ( 100 t ) of TNT spiked with nuclear fission products in the form of an irradiated uranium slug from Hanford , which was dissolved and poured into tubing inside the explosive .
The committee was chaired by Stimson , with James F. Byrnes , a former US Senator soon to be Secretary of State , as President Harry S. Truman 's personal representative ; Ralph A. Bard , the Under Secretary of the Navy ; William L. Clayton , the Assistant Secretary of State ; Vannevar Bush ; Karl T. Compton ; James B. Conant ; and George L. Harrison , an assistant to Stimson and president of New York Life Insurance Company .
 In Joseph 's Mirage song cycle of 1921 ( five songs with string quartet accompaniment ) , a Holstian influence is evident alongside her own distinctive compositional voice .
Other plants it grows in association with include Ricinocarpos pinifolius , Brachyloma daphnoides , Dillwynia glaberrima , D. retorta , Allocasuarina distyla , Bossiaea ensata , Aotus ericoides , Phyllota phylicoides , and Empodisma minus .
Experimenting with seed germination and early growth of B. aemula showed that phosphorus was toxic to seedlings , inhibiting growth at double normal soil concentrations and causing seedling death at quadruple normal soil concentrations .
Overall , seedlings grow slowly over the first 21 weeks of life compared with other plant species , the reasons for which are unclear , although it may be that it offers an increased chance of survival in a nutrient- or water @-@ poor environment .
The reasons for bradyspory ( that is fewer seeds with greater percentage of survival ) is unclear , but may be a defence against seed @-@ eating animals .
He praised the way Moffat handled River Song 's story , as well as for making it an " intricate romp jammed with ideas that make a truly cinematic piece of drama " .
 According to Peter Tomsen , a political scientist , Pakistan 's secret service the Directorate for Inter @-@ Services Intelligence , in conjunction with the political party Jamaat @-@ e @-@ Islami , formed militias such as Al @-@ Badr ( " the moon " ) and the Al @-@ Shams ( " the sun " ) to conduct operations against the nationalist movement .
She continued : " The fight and the chase stuff with Lydia in the graveyard was really good , we filmed it at night .
Smoke is an irritant and attempts to thin out the fuel load is met with opposition due to desirability of forested areas , in addition to other wilderness goals such as endangered species protection and habitat preservation .
In less developed nations the techniques used can be as simple as throwing sand or beating the fire with sticks or palm fronds .
The exterior walls are embellished with pilasters and elaborate plaster designs .
About 57 percent of the watershed is covered with plant life , including grass , trees , and all other forms of vegetation .
@ 2 acres ( 29 @,@ 000 m2 ) of natural areas and paths ; Leach Botanical Garden , about 16 acres ( 65 @,@ 000 m2 ) , a public garden dedicated to the study of botany and horticulture with an emphasis on plants of the Pacific Northwest ; Beggars Tick Wildlife Refuge , a wetland of 20 acres ( 81 @,@ 000 m2 ) ; Powell Butte Nature Park , about 608 acres ( 2 @.
 Continuing their theme of collectible 7 " vinyl releases , which had seen " Vow " packaged in an aluminium sleeve and " Subhuman " in black rubber , Mushroom packaged the 7 " format for " Only Happy When It Rains " in a " Prismaboard " ( rain @-@ effect ) die @-@ cut card sleeve , with a hologram logo sticker on the inner jacket .
The location was chosen due to both Docter 's love of tropical locations , but also in wanting a location that Carl could be stuck with a kid due to the inability to leave him with an authority such as a police officer or social worker .
Michel Giacchino 's full @-@ bodied , traditional score is superlative ... " The Globe claimed that Up is " the kind of movie that leaves you asking ' How do people come up with this stuff ? '
Bach would later frequently use the bass as the voice of Christ , in his St Matthew Passion even with a similar string accompaniment .
The two @-@ lane route heads eastward from the junction , winding to the north and south across open , rolling terrain with several cultivated fields .
The SPG fired at the building , killing Cain 's colleague and showering him with masonry but despite this , Cain kept his position .
On the following day his eardrums burst from the constant firing and barrage , but he was content to stuff his ears with bandages and continue fighting .
An oak tree in Dhoon Arboretum , planted with acorns gathered from Arnhem , has been christened the Arnhem Oak in memory of his bravery .
 Independently of the Eon series , there have been three additional productions with the character of James Bond : a 1954 American television adaptation , Casino Royale , produced by CBS ; a 1967 spoof , Casino Royale , produced by Charles K. Feldman ; and a 1983 remake of Thunderball entitled Never Say Never Again , produced by Jack Schwartzman , who had obtained the rights to the film from McClory .
Local Japanese interest in the filming was high , and the crew had to contend with large crowds throughout the process .
The ship was designed with a single hangar 124 @.
 The ship left Kure on 17 January 1943 and sailed for Truk with a load of aircraft .
Scott never changed his style and ESPN stuck with him .
When she later hints that an early gift would not be amiss , he surprises her with the donation of a sow in her name to needy Africans .
Unstan Ware pottery is associated with small settlements like Knap of Howar , and stalled tombs such as Midhowe .
As Secretary of State , Toulmin endorsed the Kentucky Resolutions and revised the state 's code of laws in conjunction with Attorney General James Blair .
Individual nesting sites can be widely spaced , as in an albatross colony , or densely packed as with a murre colony .
 After leaving PN Russell , Selfe went into partnership with his former employer James Dunlop .
They loaded a train of wagons with soldiers and covered them with salt .
 At BlizzCon 2015 during the " Future of Starcraft 2 " presentation it was revealed that Blizzard will release additional mission packs to keep players engaged with Starcraft 2 .
Extensive damage to fields planted with bananas , avocados , cucumbers , squash , jalapeño peppers , and other crops were also reported on the Yucatán Peninsula .
Reuters commented of the album , " ' Beautiful Heartache ' features a collection of wistful love songs , blending shimmering string arrangements with pop and jazz @-@ influenced arrangements that showcase Grigorieva 's soulful voice . "
The engine is equipped for water injection to increase thrust and takeoff performance in hot and high altitude conditions ; in normal V / STOL operations the system would be used in landing vertically with a heavy weapons load .
 When the reactivation of the Iowa @-@ class battleships was under consideration , a radical design for a battleship @-@ carrier hybrid emerged that would have replaced the ship 's rear turret with a flight deck , complete with a hangar and two ski jumps , for operating several Harriers .
The Mail on Sunday reviewer Sinclair McKay called " The Eleventh Hour " a " deft first episode " that was " packed with one @-@ liners and an even more fantastical feel than of late .
 Various former bedrooms lead from the Long Gallery , and like the gallery are now hung with paintings on loan from the National Portrait Gallery .
This has seen Montacute 's Long Gallery redecorated and restored and hung with an important collection of 16th- and 17th @-@ century old master portraits .
 Based on morphological features , the Alexandrine parakeet has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands , with new populations settling during the species 's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia .
The grey parrots are especially tame and if one is caught and made to cry out , soon hundreds of the birds fly around ones ’ ears , which were then hit to the ground with little sticks .
Neither shot injured Marshall , who retaliated by beating Harris with a stick severely enough to force his retreat from the encounter .
Kobritz met with actor James Mason to play the novella 's war criminal Kurt Dussander , but Mason died in July 1984 before production as a result of a heart attack .
The middle church , the third to be built , fills the long space between the two earlier churches with two oval domes of the pumpkin and ribbed types over what appear to be separate functional spaces .
One of the hallmarks of Thessalonian churches was the plan of a domed naos with a peristoon wrapped around three sides .
Pandora and Effy get into an argument after both girls have sex with James Cook ( Jack O 'Connell ) , but the argument is interrupted when Thomas unexpectedly returns .
 A scientist with a Doctor of Philosophy in plant physiology , Marshall became independently wealthy after the death of his father .
The violist Bernard Shore wrote , " You may be reading at sight in public , but you can 't possibly go wrong with that stick in front of you " .
Keene saw offering food to the eagles as a natural extension of her practice of keeping bird feeders filled with sunflower seeds for wild songbirds .
 When the Department of Engineering laid out the initial state highway system after the state 's voters approved a bond issue to pay for it in 1910 , they included Route 5 , connecting Santa Cruz and Oakland with Stockton via Altamont Pass .
Its popularity spread with publications such as Peter Charles Remondino 's History of Circumcision .
Alongside these , the ships were equipped with new rifled breech loading Armstrong guns of two types ; 7 inch and 40 pounders .
Many aristocrats , inspired by the royal palace and the two @-@ story , brick houses with wrapped verandas and divided interior spaces built by British missionaries , copied the British model for their own large homes in the haute ville .
This ceremony typically occurs five to seven years after the death of a relative and is celebrated by removing the relative 's lamba @-@ wrapped remains from the family tomb , rewrapping it with fresh silk shrouds and returning it to the tomb .
Other historic buildings include the Ambatondrafandrana tribunal where Ranavalona I dispensed judgement , the second residence of Rainilaiarivony with its indigenous medicinal plant garden , the recently renovated Soarano railroad station , four late 19th century memorial churches built to commemorate early Malagasy Christian martyrs , the tomb of Prime Minister Rainiharo , and the early 20th century pavilions of the Analakely market .
These minibuses often fail to meet safety standards or air quality requirements and are typically overcrowded with passengers and their cargo .
The rig was towed over a section of pavement at Airbus ' facilities that had been instrumented with embedded load sensors .
However , production has been suspended until the A380 production lines have settled with no firm availability date .
Adults are light brown above , with scattered darker spots and indistinct saddles .
He forms a friendship with Jamie , giving him the nickname " Jim " .
@ 4 million , to allow London trains starting or terminating at Tunbridge Wells to be operated in 12 @-@ car formations , providing the rolling stock was equipped with Selective Door Opening ( e.g.
Traditional freight brokers acted as intermediaries to manage the coordination of freight , helping independent drivers or companies match loads with available empty trucks .
At the Emperor 's Gate address the situation grew worse , with fans sticking chewing gum in the lock of the flat and tearing at any article of clothing when she or Lennon were leaving or arriving .
He asked if the Lennons could give Pauline a job , so she was hired to help with Julian and the piles of Beatles ' fan mail .
After leaving a rock band , participating in the Lower East Side 's avant garde performance art circuit , and being dropped from a contract with Def Jam Recordings , Gaga worked as a songwriter for Sony / ATV Music Publishing .
During World War II the giant was camouflaged with brushwood by the Home Guard in order to prevent use as a landmark for enemy aircraft .
However , in 2008 a lack of sheep , coupled with a wet spring causing extra plant growth , forced a re @-@ chalking of the giant , with 17 tonnes of new chalk being poured in and tamped down by hand .
While the pope 's robes are painted with very broad strokes , his cape ( mozzetta ) , ageing face and visible hand were captured in minute detail with thin brushes , with his hairs rendered at the level of individual strands .
McBride also co @-@ wrote Josh Gracin 's 2005 single " Stay with Me ( Brass Bed ) " with Jedd Hughes and Brett James .
 Many men come to church to save or gain a reputation ; or because they will not be singular , but comply with an established custom ; yet , all the while , they are loaded with the guilt of old rooted sins .
 Ancient cultures around the Mediterranean knew that certain objects , such as rods of amber , could be rubbed with cat 's fur to attract light objects like feathers .
A lightweight ball suspended from a string can be charged by touching it with a glass rod that has itself been charged by rubbing with a cloth .
Two balls that are charged with a rubbed amber rod also repel each other .
The revitalization of monsters with electricity later became a stock theme in horror films .
This was an important source of revenue for the line with one million pot plants a year being transported from Hawkhurst , bringing in around £ 1 @,@ 000 per week .
Sleepers with chairs attached and rails being loaded separately into goods wagons for removal .
Eastern hemlock crowds narrow ravines , blocking sunlight and creating damp , cooler growing conditions with associated cooler climate plant species .
It stated that the mine was hot with high levels of coal dust present .
The uprising failed to gather support , however , and Zhu was forced to flee Nanchang with his army .
She was especially taken with " his beautiful Mediterranean bay , his tables spread with white cloths and bright fruit " and the way that " pitchers and jugs and bottles of wine could be seen far down the street . "
… [ British ] supermarket aisles were not always filled with packets of fresh herbs , dried porcini and regional olive oils .
Compiled with the assistance of Jill Norman , it consists of David 's selections from her essays and articles published since 1949 in publications " from the Sunday Times to Nova , from Vogue to the Spectator , from the long defunct travel magazine Go to Cyril Ray 's Compleat Imbiber , Peter Dominic 's Wine Mine and a quite a few others . "
The Battle of Mohács was over in less than two hours , with the entire Hungarian army virtually annihilated .
The route runs through the communities of Fair Lawn , Glen Rock , Hawthorne , Wyckoff , and Franklin Lakes along the way , interchanging with County Route 507 in Fair Lawn and County Route 502 in Franklin Lakes .
The southerly flow turned eastward , then northward , and in combination with the northerly flow it wrapped into the vortex , resulting in rapid development of the low @-@ level circulation , just a short distance north of the equator .
Players could upload and play modules online created with the Electron toolset , which is included with the Windows version of the game .
Stick with it : Once your party hits Neverwinter ( and reaches level seven or so ) , the proceedings become significantly more interesting — especially in terms of character interaction and development .... NWN2 is a masterpiece of storytelling and scope . "
The mutineers then sailed out of the harbor , exchanging shots with forts at the entrance along the way , and set course for Montevideo , Uruguay .
Sagrada won the match when he pinned Morgan with a small package .
Steve Angello , a member of Swedish House Mafia , told MTV News that the group hung out with Usher in Ibiza after the awards ceremony ; they worked with him in Atlanta for five days .
The name choice provoked threats of legal action , though Firestone obtained permission from original @-@ era / 1950s era Senators club owner Tommy Gorman 's descendants to use the old Senators name and settled with the Ottawa Jr .
The Senators then began the regular season with two games in Stockholm against the Pittsburgh Penguins , splitting the results in a 4 – 3 overtime loss and a 3 – 1 win .
The first farming in Manitoba was along the Red River , where corn and other seed crops were planted before contact with Europeans .
 HBC control of Rupert 's Land ended in 1868 ; when Manitoba became a province in 1870 , all land became the property of the federal government , with homesteads granted to settlers for farming .
Shortly afterwards , the redoubt , along with a pack gun and two machine guns , was captured by the Baluchistan Infantry .
Most Americans , however , are more familiar with the myths spread by many of the movie and television adaptations , including the 1950s Disney miniseries Davy Crockett and John Wayne 's 1960 film The Alamo .
They hoped to rendezvous with Colonel James Fannin , who was expected to arrive from Goliad with his garrison .
The centre of his capital city consisted of mostly farmland , with small settlements — mostly wooden , temporary and ad hoc — on either side .
William Holford and Partners were responsible for the foreshore landscaping , and over 55 @,@ 000 trees were planted in accordance with a detailed scheme .
 The lake has been stocked annually with a variety of introduced and native species and over half a million fish have been released since 1981 .
He eventually settled upon a publishing deal with Psygnosis , who first published the game in 1988 to positive reviews ; praise was given to the game 's graphics , sound and gameplay , while criticism was directed at its ports to inferior hardware .
According to Mustaine , Carruthers was hanging out with people who were practicing occultism , and they inspired him to write songs based on spiritual themes .
One poster bore pictures of the band in concert , overlaid with scattered letters to form PINK FLOYD , and the other an infrared photograph of the Great Pyramids of Giza , created by Powell and Thorgerson .
 Ochs was involved in the creation of the Youth International Party , known as the Yippies , along with Jerry Rubin , Abbie Hoffman , Stew Albert , and Paul Krassner .
A recording of his performance , along with performances by Joni Mitchell and James Taylor , was released by Greenpeace in 2009 .
After his conversion he was credited with actively spreading Jainism to many parts of India and beyond , both by making it possible for monks to travel to barbarian lands , and by building and renovating thousands of temples and establishing millions of icons .
Tirthankara represented without clothes , and monks with cloth wrapped around the left arm , are identified as the Ardhaphalaka ( " half @-@ clothed " ) mentioned in texts .
Winston had a team of seven artists work for six months to create a Terminator puppet ; it was first molded in clay , then plaster reinforced with steel ribbing .
 Cameron was against Orion 's decision and was told that if he did not agree with the settlement , he would have to pay any damages if Orion lost a suit by Ellison .
Cameron replied that he " had no choice but to agree with the settlement .
 The Los Angeles Times called the film " a crackling thriller full of all sorts of gory treats ... loaded with fuel @-@ injected chase scenes , clever special effects and a sly humor . "
In the following inning , with the crowd still cheering , he hit an inside @-@ the @-@ park home run into center field ( the only home run he hit that season ) .
 Ibn Muljam met up with two other Kharijites namely al @-@ Burak ibn Abd Allah and Amr ibn Bakr al @-@ Tamimi at Mecca , and concluded that the situation of the Muslims at the time was due to the errors of Ali , Muawiah and Amr ibn As , governor of Egypt .
 Ibn Muljam along with two other men , namely al @-@ Burak ibn Abd Allah and Amr ibn Bakr al @-@ Tamimi , all considered as belonging to Kinda , met at Mecca and had a long discussion after the pilgrimage ceremony .
Flavoured teas are manufactured in this stage by spraying the tea with aromas and flavours or by storing them with their flavorants .
It is less well known in countries outside of China , though this is changing with increased western interest in the tea .
When settled with the Murphy family , 21 @-@ year @-@ old Simpson met 19 @-@ year @-@ old Helen Sherburn , an au pair from Sutton , Yorkshire .
He retired from the road world championships at the Nürburgring with cramp .
 In his biography of Simpson , Put Me Back on My Bike , William Fotheringham quoted Alan Ramsbottom as saying , " Tom went on the [ 1967 ] Tour de France with one suitcase for his kit and another with his stuff , drugs and recovery things " , which Fotheringham said was confirmed by Simpson 's roommate Colin Lewis .
Experiencing what he termed " a huge metaphysical overturning of my value system " , Pyro had developed a fascination with musicians such as James Brown and The Rolling Stones , or " the stuff your Dad likes " .
They went through several changes in early years : leaving the orange lettering with no outline and adding an orange silhouette of Nancy peering through a magnifying glass ; then changing to a lighter blue board with dark blue lettering and silhouette ; then changing the position of the title and silhouette on the front with black lettering and a more " modern " silhouette .
 In 1962 , all Grosset & Dunlap books become " picture covers " , books with artwork and advertising printed directly on their covers , as opposed to books with a dust jacket over a tweed volume .
@ 7 m ) wide ; it featured an innovative configuration , the rear fuselage being upswept with an integrated loading ramp .
Consisting of three maps , the pack was created with the assistance and support of Valve .
The storyline of Sugar returning under the mask to fight the heels helped make the masked man instantly popular with the crowd .
 Jack Lord as Felix Leiter : A CIA operative sent to liaise with James Bond while he is in Kingston .
Norman was busy with musicals , and only accepted to do the music for Dr. No after Saltzman allowed him to travel along with the crew to Jamaica .
Conroy was the subject of numerous discussions Victoria had with Stockmar on the first day of her reign .
 When Bruce Lee died in 1973 , he left an unreleased movie script that he had developed with James Coburn and Stirling Silliphant called The Silent Flute .
My daughter asks why I don 't hang with women my age and I say ' Most of the women my age are a lot older than me ! '
Timber and slates were brought down the Conwy valley for the house , with grey Silurian grit rubble quarried from the hills near the town , and finer sandstone brought from nearby Deganwy .
After passage of the Coinage Act , Linderman met with Director of the Mint James Pollock to discuss the design of the newly authorized trade dollar .
 Sandstorms occur with much less frequency than dust storms .
When annuals , such plants grow with great rapidity and may flower and set seed within weeks , aiming to complete their development before the last vestige of water dries up .
For perennial plants , reproduction is more likely to be successful if the seed germinates in a shaded position , but not so close to the parent plant as to be in competition with it .
 The Portage Glacier Highway begins at an at @-@ grade intersection with the Seward Highway , in the former town of Portage .
Peaks of the Chugach Mountains , along with several hanging glaciers can be seen from the road ; Portage Glacier itself is out of view .
FFH @-@ 35 begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway ( AK @-@ 1 ) in Portage .
Edge compared Fez 's esoteric tricks to an older age of game development that packed games with Easter eggs , secrets , and codes , citing titles such as Exile and Jet Set Willy .
After a two @-@ hour battle , the ROK 7th Infantry Regiment was forced to disperse with its survivors scattered into the hills .
The system tracked west @-@ northwestward , and by August 10 consisted of a broad surface trough with minimal shower activity .
 Drifting northwestward through Texas , Tropical Depression Erin maintained an area of convection near the center , with its widespread but scattered rainbands dropping moderate to heavy precipitation .
Kelly West of Cinema Blend was positive towards the episode , calling it " jam @-@ packed with drama " .
Never No More " mixed both older soul and modern hip hop sounds with string arrangements by producer Bud 'da , while " Read Between the Lines " was a rhythmic digital samba with Latin percussion .
When the play ended , Richard skated up to Laycoe , who had dropped his stick and gloves in anticipation of a fight , and struck him in the face and shoulders with his stick .
Miller had the first of many brushes with death in April , when he was invited to play weekend cricket for a RAAF team in London .
Miller and his colleagues had tanks loaded with napalm , which were to be dropped on the Germans .
The first bill revived the 1903 proposal for a branch from Piccadilly Circus to the City of London , passing and interchanging with Strand station .
Water with a high dissolved mineral content was buried with the plant matter in a peat bog .
Sailing from there on 15 September with a load of pig iron , she arrived at Halifax five days later .
Physical isolation has not caused biological isolation , and this has resulted in a dynamic evolutionary ecology with examples of very distinctive plants and animals as well as populations of widespread species .
 On a traditional view , after the death of the cautious López I , his son paid not enough attention to his father 's dying words : to try to settle disputes with Brazil with the pen not the sword .
The album was reissued as Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded in June 2008 with three new songs , including the Billboard Hot 100 number @-@ one hits " Take a Bow " and " Disturbia " .
The fourth song is " Breakin ' Dishes " ; Peter Robinson of The Observer called it a " wronged @-@ woman bonanza , packed with hooks , chants and flashes of lyrical brilliance . "
Sir Allen Young , a veteran of the searches for Sir John Franklin 's lost expedition , and Sir Joseph Hooker , who had sailed south with James Clark Ross in 1839 – 43 , were equally dismissive .
One day , he visited our camp with the Chief Scout of Hungary , Count Pál Teleki ( who later became our Prime Minister ) , and the chief of the camp staff , Vitez Kisbarnaki Ferenc Farkas , a general staff officer of the Hungarian Royal Army .
 In 1942 , as a soldier in the 109 @,@ 000 strong Second Hungarian Army , Bánáthy returned to the Russian front with the Hungarian Second Army ( Second Magyar Honved ) .
The nest itself is a half @-@ cup constructed of dry mud with grass fibres and dead leaves mixed in , often with the plant matter sticking out of the nest 's walls .
reviewer Jason Arnopp describing the album 's lyrics as " so packed with foul and abusive language that it sounds as if D @-@ 12 and the Sopranos family were going head @-@ to @-@ head in a celebrity swearathon . "
Many well known musicians , both white and African @-@ American , - appeared at the club over the years , and often came to Smalls after their evening engagements to jam with the Smalls Paradise band .
 Banjo player Elmer Snowden , whose band played at the Smalls Paradise Sunday matinees , would often jam with the Johnson band after he had finished his nightly performance at the Hot Feet Club .
Glenn Miller , Tommy Dorsey and Buddy Rich often came to Smalls Paradise to jam with the house band for the joy of it .
The cap is dry , colored yellow to light orange to brown , and often develops an irregular shape , especially when it has grown closely crowded with adjacent fruit bodies .
He took a job with a local stock and station agent .
 The match was preceded by an All Black haka , to which the crowd responded with the Welsh national song " Land of my Fathers " .
The same set was released with less elaborate packaging in Region 2 on March 7 , 2005 , and in Region 4 on May 11 , 2005 .
 The Earth , the sensual source of life , and the sterile space station orbiting the planet Solaris , are contrasted with lively images of underwater plants , fire , snow , rain and other natural phenomena .
It was while he was working for the PJBD that he renewed his friendship with Commander James " Chummy " Prentice , who was shortly thereafter assigned the position of Senior Officer , Canadian Corvettes under Murray .
They recorded the album at Conway Recording Studios and The Record Plant with Mike Clink and Slash co @-@ producing and Steven Thompson and Michael Barbiero mixing , all of whom had worked with Guns N ' Roses on their debut album Appetite for Destruction .
Slash 's Snakepit toured in support of the album , with bassist James LoMenzo and drummer Brian Tichy , of Pride and Glory , replacing Inez and Sorum , who had opted out of touring , with Sorum returning to Guns N ' Roses .
Cuomo had formed the commission in mid @-@ May 1983 to provide him with recommendations regarding the plant 's safety , the adequacy of emergency plans , and the economics of operating the plant .
After his father 's murder , Thomas was left to make his own way on the frontier , working at odd jobs in Kentucky and in Tennessee , before settling with members of his family in Hardin County , Kentucky , in the early 1800s .
 In 1857 – 1858 , Douglas broke with President James Buchanan , leading to a fight for control of the Democratic Party .
At times Seward was too bellicose , so for balance Lincoln stuck a close working relationship with Senator Charles Sumner , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
He said " A majority held in restraint by constitutional checks and limitations , and always changing easily with deliberate changes of popular opinions and sentiments , is the only true sovereign of a free people . "
The number of females killed in the spring migration on a quiet country road ( ten vehicles per hour ) was compared with the number of strings of eggs laid in nearby fens .
 In 1916 , he bought the Newark Indians of the International League with James R. Price for $ 25 @,@ 000 ( $ 527 @,@ 450 in 2012 ) .
Elaine is delayed and Jerry and George are stuck with Alton waiting for her at the hotel .
 In the flashback episode " What Lies Beneath " , exploring Faye 's decision to move to Holby , she is seen to fight with her husband James , then later step over his dead body on the stairs .
Droplets of sea spray mixed with rain , apparently giving it a saline taste , while particles of sand were lifted from the shore to the upper floors of 30 ft ( 9 @.
Many smaller vessels were apparently " cracked like egg shells , " floating in waters paralleling the bluff , which itself was strewn with " serpents , turtles , [ and ] marsh @-@ birds " .
 " Don 't Stop the Music " was written and produced by the Norwegian production duo StarGate , with additional songwriting by Tawanna Dabney and Michael Jackson .
 The 2nd Army faced the Hungarian 3rd Army , and during the first few days after the commencement of the invasion , there were exchanges of fire with Hungarian border guards , but the 2nd Army faced no direct attacks .
The following year , he was selected to help codify Oregon 's laws , along with James K. Kelly and Daniel R. Bigelow .
( with James M. Spitze )
Pescarolo followed this result with a string of retirements at the 500 km of Monza , the 2 Hours 30 Minutes of Oschersleben and the 2 Hours 30 Minutes of Donington .
Typically , the Viet Minh ambushed convoys by obstructing the road with a fallen tree or pile of boulders , and then destroying the first and last vehicles of the halted convoy with remote mines .
Beyond these temples was Route One itself with a series of closely packed and fortified villages , including Tân An , Mỹ Thủy , Van Trinh and Lai @-@ Ha .
Hanging around with a new set of children , Lisa becomes popular , while Bart is left out .
The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote : " This episode will strike a chord with anyone that 's ever tried to fit in with the crowd [ ... ] Lisa gets to show the many facets of her character , and there 's a superb slapstick sequence as Homer tries to dispose of a firework . "
 Early in its duration , the developing storm brushed the coast of Honduras with light winds .
The outer periphery of the storm brushed Nantucket to the west with winds of 39 mph ( 63 km / h ) and Bermuda to the east with 46 mph ( 75 km / h ) .
 Kazimierz Michał Władysław Wiktor Pułaski of Ślepowron coat of arms ( Polish pronunciation : [ kaˈʑimʲɛʂ puˈwaskʲi ] ; English : Casimir Pulaski ; March 6 , 1745 – October 11 , 1779 ) was a Polish noblemanb , soldier and military commander who has been called with his fellow Hungarian friend Michael Kovats de Fabriczy " the fathers of the American cavalry " .
There is one electoral ward in Radstock with the same area and population as is quoted above .
The planting employs a naturalistic style with broad drifts of herbaceous perennials and grasses providing colour through a long season , extending through the winter with dry stems and seed heads .
In Nassau , the Red Cross disaster contingency stock sent a boat with food items , blankets , health kits , tarpaulins and water .
The story is told in a local dialect of English , simpler in its grammatical structure and sprinkled with Malay words and phrases .
The association is preparing its own water treatment plant and preparing to install meters with the aid of the Colombian organization Asociados en Desarrollo Rural ( ADR ) or Associates in Rural Development and the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) .
The two routes head through commercial areas and woodland , interchanging with Raritan Street and Kearney Road , crossing back into Sayreville .
Number 2 is a single storey house with random rubble limestone walls and corrugated iron roof separated from the perimeter wall by a rear yard .
Numbers 4 and 6 are a pair of single duplex units with random rubble limestone walls , corrugated iron roofs and front verandahs , separated from the perimeter wall by a rear yard .
He pioneered the use of culture media to grow microorganisms , and , with food chemist James N. Currie , developed a process to mass @-@ produce citric acid using Aspergillus .
 Thom 's work with the food chemist James N. Currie in 1916 – 17 enabled them to develop a process to mass @-@ produce citric acid using Aspergillus , and a few years later , the first large @-@ scale mold fermentation factory had been established in Brooklyn , New York .
There was no possibility that the pumps could deal with the inflow , and the captain gave the order to abandon ship .
in the early 1960s , they were drawn in Elder 's " chickenfat " style , in which he crammed every panel with humorous detail and throwaway gags .
After exchanging ideas with Hefner the project was approved , but Goodman Beaver was required to be transformed into a voluptuous female .
There is also a sizeable British Telecom call centre and a plant making special lithium @-@ ion batteries for the MoD on the west side of the town , which along with the Dounreay Nuclear power plant , provide a high level of employment in Caithness .
 On the eastern wall of the front veranda hangs a geometric carving created with square and rectangular panels .
The doors measure 160 by 264 centimetres ( 63 in × 104 in ) and have wooden doors with spread fan carvings on the threshold above .
As with the doors , the threshold above the windows is decorated with spread fan carvings .
Route 49 heads east through the eastern part of Millville , intersecting County Route 678 ( Wade Boulevard ) and interchanging with Route 55 .
He has performed with James Yorkston on several occasions .
As Black 's profile increased due to his roles in films such as High Fidelity the band worked on recording their first album with producers the Dust Brothers .
 Eric XIV of Sweden visited in 1561 for which the Great Hall was whitewashed and hung with borrowed tapestries for his visit .
He had to do the next few gigs , and the album cover 's photo shoot , with it in plaster .
 New construction has dovetailed with efforts to cultivate business growth .
 The population is spread out with 22 @.
Tinkoff – Saxo were joined by Lotto – Soudal at the front of the pack and Vuillermoz was caught with 5 kilometres ( 3 @.
He who said : " This is my body " is the same who said : " You saw me hungry and you gave me no food " , and " Whatever you did to the least of my brothers you did also to me " ... What good is it if the Eucharistic table is overloaded with golden chalices when your brother is dying of hunger ?
One report mentions that she was so dedicated to her studies that she died with a list of plants in her hand .
In this time range it is possible to forecast smaller features such as individual showers and thunderstorms with reasonable accuracy , as well as other features too small to be resolved by a computer model .
In the following months , Carey wrote and co @-@ produced several songs including " Say Somethin ' ( with Snoop Dogg and The Neptunes ) , " To the Floor " ( with Nelly ) , and " Fly Like a Bird " with James " Big Jim " Wright .
The song 's bassline and chord progression are aligned with piano and string notes .
Carey composed the gospel @-@ influenced ballad " Fly Like a Bird " with James Wright .
 Tsubasa was one of the first four manga series licensed for English release in North America by Del Rey Manga and was acquired together with Mobile Suit Gundam SEED , Negima !
Gardens close to the house contain formal walks laid out in 1825 with specimen trees planted then and later .
Later in the 1860s this was replanted with roses , but it is now lawns .
George D Keathley , then in harbor in Yokohama , to be loaded with ammunition and to sail for Pusan .
Congressman Vito Marcantonio , who opposed the war in Korea , argued that " when we agreed to the United Nations Charter we never agreed to supplant our Constitution with the United Nations Charter .
The teams retaliated against each other throughout the game with brushback pitches and beanballs .
 A sign on eastbound I @-@ 70 correctly informs motorists that I @-@ 70 ends at its four @-@ level stack interchange with I @-@ 695 ( Baltimore Beltway ) .
The band began working on the album in January 2002 with a list of songs they wanted to try to record , such as a disco song with only string instruments .
Goldfrapp held jam sessions with Mark Linkous and Adrian Utley and , after they built momentum writing the album , decided not to move to another studio .
With the detainees loaded on trucks , the ground convoy force attempted to reach the first crash site .
Eight teams are seeded , including the hosts , with the other seeded teams selected using a formula based on the FIFA World Rankings and / or performances in recent World Cups , and drawn to separate groups .
The sails , partly set , were in a poor condition , some missing altogether , and much of the rigging was damaged , with ropes hanging loosely over the sides .
Large oil or gas drums were cleaned and filled with medical supplies and food , with enough air space to provide buoyancy , and strung together with rope .
The first of these goals was a rebound off Leicester goalkeeper Gordon Banks after a shot by Rodney Marsh , then a shot by Les Allen went through a Leicester goalmouth packed with defenders , and the final goal came from Mark Lazarus in similar circumstances to the Allen goal .
As one squad of six Marines from Company F patrolled near where the guns were discovered , they entered a hidden Japanese camp and found themselves among about 100 Japanese soldiers resting under shelters with their weapons stacked around trees in the center of the camp .
Luger fought back by pinning Tatanka with a small package .
In the game , the player takes the role of a sheriff in the town of Black Rock and is tasked with eliminating outlaws who are scattered throughout the settlement .
However , the perceived lawlessness of Bo 's anti @-@ corruption campaigns , coupled with concerns about the image he cultivated , made him a controversial figure .
Rumors also spread that he had an affair with the star actress of Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , Zhang Ziyi ; Zhang racked up significant legal bills attempting to sue the sources of the rumour for defamation .
The next day , the system quickly became organized , with shower and thunderstorms developing around the center and the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) noted that the low would likely become a tropical depression within 24 hours .
The torpedoes that were fired missed the monitors , but struck a lighter loaded with fuel .
In the course of that housekeeping , in July 2002 , Norman 's rare tape of his jam session with Marley was located in his apartment and placed on auction , retrieving considerably above its estimated value when auctioned at $ 26 @,@ 290 .
The English skipper responded by stacking the leg side with outfielders and bowled outside leg stump , challenging Miller to attempt another hit for six .
The absence of Toshack also meant Loxton had a substantial workload with the ball .
The Australians then defeated Warwickshire by nine wickets , before drawing with Lancashire , who hung on with three wickets in hand on the final day .
Instead of a turret , the AMX @-@ 30D is fitted with a superstructure , and weighs 36 metric tons ( 40 short tons ) , although with the extra power pack it can weigh up to 40 metric tons ( 44 short tons ) .
In the mid @-@ 1980s , Venezuela adopted a modernization plan for its deprecated AMX @-@ 30s , opting to replace the original engine with a new Continental AVDS @-@ 1790 @-@ 5A diesel engine , producing 908 horsepower ( 677 kW ) and exchanging the existing transmission with an Allison CD @-@ 850 @-@ 6A .
Spears began recording with them at Studio at the Palms in Las Vegas in August 2006 , while she was seven months pregnant with Jayden James .
Smith stated that the team tried to create a record " for the Britney Spears that we know and love " and that it did not " touch on anything that was really dealing with all the stuff that she was dealing with . "
 Entering the 2009 playoffs with the Bruins as the first seed in the Eastern Conference , Lucic received a one @-@ game suspension after delivering a cross @-@ check to the head of Montreal Canadiens forward Maxim Lapierre in Game 2 of the first round .
 Andy McIvor left the band in 2006 , and is now playing with former Australian crawl member James Reyne
Sixteen laps later the second caution was issued , with Jamie McMurray leading .
The 24th Division , based at Schofield Barracks , Oahu , was among the first American units to be involved in the Pacific Theater , exchanging fire with Japanese aircraft during the December 7 , 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor .
Parcells ignored fans ' protests and stuck with Brunner for most of the year , although Jeff Rutledge saw considerable late @-@ season action .
The castle was mostly built from local stone , with aplite from nearby Meldon and some beerstone from south @-@ east Devon ; the interior and exterior stonework would have originally been rendered with lime plaster .
Under Berlin , Wyntoon was made to turn a profit — the old 50 @,@ 000 @-@ acre Wheeler Ranch holding and adjoining parcels adding up to 67 @,@ 000 acres ( 27 @,@ 000 ha ) were logged and replanted with more tree seedlings , the operation generating about $ 2 million annually by 1959 .
But peeling back layer upon layer of exquisite ennui reveals nothing but emptiness , sprinkled with stilted sentiments . "
It then sent out an alarm , which meant to the astronaut , I 'm overloaded with more tasks than I should be doing at this time and I 'm going to keep only the more important tasks ; i.e.
A regular repair was not possible in the available time but the station director , Charles Force , had his ten @-@ year @-@ old son Greg use his small hands to reach into the housing and pack it with grease .
Additionally , astronauts were rubbed down with a sodium hypochlorite solution and the Command Module wiped with Betadine to remove any lunar dust that might be present .
In the colourful picture , Carey is making a " sultry " pose in a strapless bikini top with matching lower half wrapped around her , with her midriff on show .
During his bishopric , St @-@ Calais stocked the cathedral library with books , especially canon law texts .
In German @-@ speaking areas , the cotton @-@ top tamarin is commonly known as Lisztaffe ( literally " Liszt monkey " ) most likely due to the resemblance of its hairstyle with that of Hungarian composer and piano virtuoso Franz Liszt .
 When the expressway spur between MD 168 and U.S. Route 301 ( now MD 648 ) was built between 1951 and 1954 , the expressway , which became part of the Baltimore Beltway , included an at @-@ grade intersection with MD 170 between Linthicum and Pumphrey .
To promote the album , Los Tigres del Norte released " Golpes en el Corazón " , first included in their album El Ejemplo ( 1995 ) , and re @-@ recorded for the live album with fellow Mexican singer Paulina Rubio . "
The Los Angeles Times referred to it as a " sea of lush Latin pop " , with Rubio sounding like Julieta Venegas in a " parallel universe " .
 The artwork for My Love : Essential Collection features a close @-@ up shot of Dion , wearing a white blouse with a black camera hanging from her neck .
Square Enix released a total of five content packs along with various pre @-@ order bonuses , such as the Dragon Master Pack which was released in November 2012 .
These cats could have reproduced with farm and feral stock and may have eventually evolved into the modern @-@ day Norwegian Forest breed .
 Bobby assists the Winchesters throughout the third season in their war against the recently @-@ escaped demons , starting with helping them defeat the Seven Deadly Sins in the premiere , as well as repairing the Colt so that they can make new bullets for it with the help of the demon Ruby in the episode " Sin City " .
In the fourth season finale , " Lucifer Rising " , Dean is furious that Sam has chosen to side with Ruby — she has been feeding Sam her blood to make him strong enough to kill Lilith — over him .
Despite Dean 's declaration that if Sam should leave , he should never come back , Sam chooses to go with Ruby .
However , Bobby temporarily retakes control , and stabs himself with Ruby 's demon @-@ killing knife .
Six new counties – including one named in Garrard 's honor – were created , along with several new settlements .
 According to the writer Branko Ćopić , who was a Partisan in Grmeč , Stojanović was greeted by a crowd of villagers and welcomed with the traditional bread and salt ceremony when he crossed the Sana River .
 On 29 December , Minnesotan , loaded with a general cargo that included machinery and explosives , sailed as part of convoy HX 273 from New York for Liverpool .
 Certain versions of Tatsunoko vs. Capcom : Ultimate All @-@ Stars are bundled with a Mad Catz arcade stick , whose artwork was produced by Japanese artist Shinkiro .
The store also included an audio CD with four vocal tracks from the game : the opening song from Cross Generation of Heroes , " Across the Border " , sung by Asami Abe ; Ultimate All @-@ Stars ' English re @-@ recording of this song , sung by Anna Gholston , with rap by James C. Wilson ; and the Japanese and English versions of Roll 's theme song .
Bradman 's response to a boundary being hit from Toshack was to further stack the leg side with fielders in defensive positions , and scoring was slow as Toshack bowled accurately .
In the 15th century the fashion spread with the creation of very expensive , French @-@ influenced palatial castles featuring complex tower keeps at Wardour , Tattershall and Raglan Castle .
Although the elite in Britain and Ireland continued to maintain and build castles in the style of the late medieval period there was a growing understanding through the Renaissance , absent in the 14th century , that domestic castles were fundamentally different from the military fortifications being built to deal with the spread of gunpowder artillery .
Merion , which eventually sank on 31 May , had been outfitted with wood and canvas " guns " and overloaded with cement and stones to approximate the profile of Tiger .
Whitechapel Market caters well for the community , with stalls stocking Asian fruit and vegetables including okra and mangoes , clothing such as tunics and pashminas , and mobile phone cards for cheap long @-@ distance calls .
According to James Bennighof , the song " deals with individual crises in crowded urban settings , along with references to larger societal forces and at least a hint of some transcendent perspective " .
Rupert acquired his own apartments in the castle , which were recorded as being " very singular " with some decorated with an " extraordinary " number of " pikes , muskets , pistols , bandoliers , holsters , drums , back , breast , and head pieces " , and his inner chambers " hung with tapisserie , curious and effeminate pictures " .
It will seek cover to escape their view , and , if the predator is very close , immediately flee in long leaps , changing its direction frequently and with the tail raised .
Always seeking to score , and with the leg side packed with fielders , he often backed away and hit the ball into the vacant half of the outfield with unorthodox shots reminiscent of tennis or golf .
 = = = Declining health and a brush with death = = =
 After the arrest , Nhung and Nghĩa sat with the brothers in the APC , and the convoy departed for Tân Sơn Nhứt .
Before the convoy had departed for the church , Minh was reported to have gestured to Nhung with two fingers .
An investigation by Đôn determined that Nghĩa had shot the brothers at point @-@ blank range with a semi @-@ automatic firearm and that Nhung sprayed them with bullets before repeatedly stabbing the bodies with a knife .
The battlefield was near one of these paths , shaped like a ladder , after which the terrain was a big plain with scattered bushes .
One of their .30 @-@ caliber Winchester rifles was selected at random and loaded with a non @-@ lethal wax bullet so that they would not know with certainty who fired the fatal shots .
After the extended hospital stay following Starkey 's recovery from tuberculosis , he did not return to school , preferring instead to stay at home and listen to music while playing along by beating biscuit tins with sticks .
Although the Beatles had enjoyed widespread commercial and critical success with Sgt.
 The following year , Starr made a cameo appearance on The Simpsons episode " Brush with Greatness " and contributed an original song , " You Never Know " , to the soundtrack of the John Hughes film Curly Sue .
With an authorized capital stock of $ 100 @,@ 000 , the White Oak Mining Company , that was engaged in the mining , shipment , and sale of coal , the cutting and sawing of timber , and the operations and sales of railway , telephone , and telegraph lines and networks .
The performance began with Dustin being wheeled out from the side of the stage by a cloaked figure , with the trolley also being cloaked .
At the March 30 POWERADE Jam Fest associated with the McDonalds All @-@ American game , Brunson won the skills competition over finalists Carlton Bragg and Isaiah Briscoe and was a finalist for the three @-@ point shooting contest .
Those in the Wet Level , an area of 690 acres ( 280 ha ) between the junction with the Maytham Sewer and Blackwall Bridge , were not raised as much , so that during periods of high flow when the river is tide @-@ locked , the levels can be used for flood storage .
The river is embanked , with sluices and pumping stations along its banks , which discharge water drained from the low @-@ lying land into the river channel .
The lake was identified as impaired in 1994 , with an annual phosphorus load of 1 @,@ 019 pounds ( 462 kg ) .
 In para @-@ Alpine skiing events , this classification is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
The embossed sun burst design , made of platinum , on the obverse side of the medal has a diameter of 5 ⁄ 8 inch ( 16 mm ) with rays spreading out from 5 ⁄ 6 inch ( 21 mm ) to 1 ⁄ 2 inch ( 13 mm ) from the center of the Sun .
The near @-@ supersonic lateral blast , loaded with volcanic debris , caused devastation as far as 19 miles ( 31 km ) from the volcano .
Where the blast was deflected so as to pass overhead by several metres , it left the topsoil and the seeds it contained , permitting faster revegetation with scrub and herbaceous plants , and later with saplings .
To minimize wind reworking of ash dumps , the surfaces of some disposal sites were covered with topsoil and seeded with grass .
Both parents take part in feeding the young , on a diet predominantly of seeds with some fruit .
Brian then explains that Stewie has a ' tumor ' shaped like a football , which convinces Miley to let them hang out with her backstage .
 Sontheimer stresses the association of Khandoba with clay and termite mounds .
Colin Williamson of AllGame stated similar pros , crediting the level design as " simply delightful , loaded with creativity , secrets , and memorable characters . "
Regarding his preparation for the role , Sarsgaard stated , " I actually did hang with this biologist from Tulane that was I think just the most eccentric guy they could find .
Local governments in Madagascar provided 6 @,@ 000 farmers with rice seed to replant the ruined crop .
Traprain Law in East Lothian , had a 20 @-@ acre enclosure , sectioned in two places west of the summit , made up of a coursed , stone wall with a rubble core .
The Centre also includes a replica Victorian kitchen , Mrs Sawyer 's Victorian Kitchen , and a kitchen garden planted with varieties of vegetables used in Victorian times and herbs cultivated for their medicinal properties .
Prince Charles ' Spinney was planted out in 1951 with trees protected from the deer by fences , to preserve a natural habitat .
The seat is inscribed with lines by the poet James Thomson , who was living in Richmond at the time of his death .
 King Henry 's Mound is inscribed with a few lines from Thomson 's poem " The Seasons " .
For many historians , the accession by force of the throne broke principles the Plantagenets had established successfully over two and a half centuries and allowed any magnate with sufficient power and Plantagenet blood to have ambitions to assume the throne .
In Wales , Owain Glyndŵr 's widespread rebellion was only suppressed with the recapture of Harlech Castle in 1409 , although sporadic fighting continued until 1421 .
People associated with the church include James Williams , a 19th @-@ century rector who was awarded a gold medal for his efforts to save lives at sea , and his great @-@ grandson , the artist Sir Kyffin Williams .
With the top three positions settled , attention switched to Barrichello , who had closed up to the back of Blundell 's car and was faster than the McLaren driver .
In England , the political situation was also unstable , with rubbish piling up in the streets of London .
The artist provided an ink drawing on thin paper , which was pasted to a block of cherry wood and rubbed with oil until the upper layers of paper could be pulled away , leaving a translucent layer of paper that the block @-@ cutter could use as a guide .
Other effects included burnishing by rubbing with agate to brighten colours ; varnishing ; overprinting ; dusting with metal or mica ; and sprays to imitate falling snow .
Shower and thunderstorm activity associated with the wave began to increase over the next few days as it crossed the Gulf of Tehuantepec .
 After degenerating into a remnant low on September 10 , moisture associated with the former tropical cyclone spread across the Southwestern United States .
 Along with the asteroid bodies , the asteroid belt also contains bands of dust with particle radii of up to a few hundred micrometres .
( Peers under the rank of an Earl , however , were allowed in 1953 to wear a cheaper " cap of estate " in place of a coronet , as were peeresses of the same rank , for whom a simpler robe was also permitted ( a one @-@ piece gown with wrap @-@ around fur cape , designed by Norman Hartnell ) .
 The dark plate 's perennials include ferns , angelicas and other broad @-@ leaved species , with a scattering of trees sprouting out of the flower beds .
These plants thrive with shade from trees .
This plate unites lighter native plants with imported specimens .
Nearing the 1990s , the school uniform was switched to be worn with dark coloured school pants or pinafore , with dark coloured school tag was sewed on the left side of the shirt .
The 2007 SYF Central Judging Assessment saw the Chinese dance , String Orchestra and Choir attained Gold with Honour , with Chinese Orchestra , Chinese LDDS , English LDDS , Contemporary Dance and Wind Orchestra attaining Silver .
 Another celebrated image of Washington is the Lansdowne portrait , a large portrait with one version hanging in the East Room of the White House .
Gilbert Stuart is found on the 1 cent issue in the artists category , along with James McNeil Whistler , Augustus Saint @-@ Gaudens , Daniel Chester French , and Frederic Remington .
 Following the turn of the century and the events of 9 / 11 , Gibson emerged with a string of increasingly realist novels — Pattern Recognition ( 2003 ) , Spook Country ( 2007 ) , and Zero History ( 2010 ) — set in a roughly contemporary world .
Much of the vegetation of the western part of the state shares floristic similarities with the plants of the Chota Nagpur plateau in the adjoining state of Jharkhand .
The torpedoes that were fired missed the monitors , but struck a lighter loaded with fuel .
The habit of eating " sallet " or " greens " remained popular , but the vegetables of the Old World were replaced with plants like squashes , gourds , beans , corn , land cress and pokeweed .
 As a hadrosaurid , Prosaurolophus would have been a large herbivore , eating plants with a sophisticated skull that permitted a grinding motion analogous to chewing .
While Bart and the bullies have been adversaries at times , with Bart once declaring war on Nelson , the school bullies actually like Bart for his ways and hang out with him at times , especially Nelson who eventually becomes close friends with him .
In both of these minigames , the player must reach the goal while fighting every enemy along the way with only the default item loadout .
In an attempt to protect his life 's work from special agents sent by the Umbrella headquarters , he injected himself with the virus , which turned him into the malformed creature that is now chasing Sherry .
 Meanwhile , Claire is reunited with Sherry and discovers that the mutated Birkin has implanted his daughter with an embryo to produce offspring .
After preparing the cure , Leon and Claire reunite at an emergency escape train and inject Sherry with the vaccine , which saves her life .
Philippe , another member of the unit , convinces Ada to give him the pendant , after which he injects himself with the G @-@ virus to give himself the power to stop Jacob .
When he first became eligible in 1970 , the BBWAA had elected only eight new members in 13 years , with Pierce being stuck in the voting behind such pitchers as Early Wynn , Bob Lemon , and Hal Newhouser ( each of whom was eventually elected ) .
His record , compiled mostly with undistinguished White Sox teams , deserved much more respect from the voters .
It was scheduled to take place at the Brush Creek viaduct in Irwin with Governor Duff in attendance .
 Suffering from what would today be termed posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , he slept with a loaded handgun under his pillow and looked for solace in addictive sleeping pills .
 Murphy had been plagued since his military service with insomnia and bouts of depression , and slept with a loaded pistol under his pillow .
Armed with a basket and a pointed stick , and wearing special hunting cloak and gloves , she would sniff her way round the wood , pausing here and there , her nostrils twitching , when she caught a whiff of her prey ; then at last , with a deadly pounce , she would fall upon her victim , and poke his putrid carcass into her basket .
Some innuendo leads Moffat to claim that it " had the dirtiest jokes in history ; we got away with tons of stuff ... We nearly got away with a joke about anal sex , but they spotted it at the last minute . "
Built of square @-@ cut logs with white chinking atop a rubble masonry foundation , the smokehouse is topped with a standing seam metal gabled roof .
In The Netherlands , it was a component of one of three communities of saprobic fungi associated with roadside verges ( the land between the road edge and the adjacent wall , fence or hedge ) planted with common oak ( Quercus robur ) ; the verges also supported the growth of the mushroom Russula ochroleuca , a host of C. cookei .
 The writer Russ McDonald observes that a letter from Boito to Verdi touches on the musical techniques used in the opera – he wrote of how to portray the characters Nannetta and Fenton : " I can 't quite explain it : I would like as one sprinkles sugar on a tart to sprinkle the whole comedy with that happy love without concentrating it at any one point . "
The Browns were renamed the " Perfectos " , and restocked with Cleveland talent .
In a simulated city engulfed by an apocalyptic blaze , British vocalist Elaine Caswell sings and participates in a ritual to celebrate the song 's " nights of sacred pleasure " ... [ The soundtstage ] is stocked with gravestones , motorcycles , python and dancers ( allegedly from the London production of Cats ) , strapped in chaps , studded bras , and spiked codpieces .
We 'd had a load of problems with managers in the early ' 80s and all of a sudden after five years we started to communicate .
In 2008 , Cryer appeared with Laurence Fishburne and James Cromwell in the film Tortured , and in 2009 co @-@ starred with James Spader in the film Shorts .
He states " it 's remarkably smooth , loaded with airtime , and has plenty of surprises to warrant its name " .
Despite his injury , Mikhail manages to swim out of the station and blasts the window of the jamming room with a grenade , killing himself and flooding the communications room .
 Ashes : Shiva smears his body with ashes ( bhasma ) .
After destroying Tripura , Tripurantaka Shiva smeared his forehead with three strokes of Ashes .
 Gameplay using competitive Smash Bros. rules is usually played in stock mode and with a timer .
Building work on the canal started in 1793 , with Jessop in overall charge , but with James Green and William King as resident engineers : Green , who was from Wollaton , was appointed engineer for the section of canal from the Trent to the Leicestershire border , while King , who was the agent for the Duke of Rutland , was responsible for the rest of the canal , including two reservoirs , one at Denton and the other at Knipton on the River Devon .
 Construction of the canal began in 1822 , with James Hollinsworth as the engineer and John Easton as the senior surveyor .
The video then ends with shots of Irish road bowling – several men are shown throwing a bowl down a road surrounded by spectators alongside scenes of men with measuring sticks and men exchanging banknotes .
The Overlords have been watching them since the incident with the Ouija board , which revealed the seed of the coming transformation hidden within Jean .
 Late in 1912 Lasker entered into negotiations for a world title match with Akiba Rubinstein , whose tournament record for the previous few years had been on a par with Lasker 's and a little ahead of Capablanca 's .
... Memory is too valuable to be stocked with trifles . "
Wildfire operates with two trains ( generally with one train loading / unloading while the other runs the course , each featuring eight cars .
She wrote that " ' El Mundo Gira ' is so overloaded with ideas that it falls over and can 't get up " .
 Small and slender , Richard III did not have the robust physique associated with many of his Plantagenet predecessors .
In 1482 , Edward charged him to lead an army into Scotland with the aim of replacing King James III with the Duke of Albany .
Several times throughout the series , she jams with Finn and Jake , and various others depending on the circumstances .
Cockatoos bite off branchlets with clusters of seed capsules , then hold them with their feet while chewing and harvesting seeds before littering the ground with debris .
Like Snorri 's Hel , she is terrifying to in appearance , black or dark in colour , usually naked , adorned with severed heads or arms or the corpses of children , her lips smeared with blood .
These vlogs are uploaded under the title of Fridays with PewDiePie .
He also conquered the Isle of Wight , which was still an independent pagan kingdom , and set himself to kill every native on the island , resettling it with his own people .
The completed plant produced 175 @,@ 000 kWh per month as of 1914 and consumed four hopper cars worth of coal per month ; this is contrasted with the old power plant 's generation of 125 @,@ 000 kWh per month consuming 14 – 15 cars worth , demonstrating the new plant 's efficiency .
Norman Watt of Dawson tripped Ottawa 's Art Moore , who retaliated with a stick to the mouth of Watt .
Watt promptly knocked Moore out , hitting him on the head with his stick .
Charles Spittal of Ottawa was described as " attempting to split Blachford 's skull " , Alf Smith hit Hod Stuart " across the temple with his stick , laying him out like a corpse " and Harry Smith cracked his stick across Ernie Johnson 's face , breaking Johnson 's nose The Wanderers won the game 4 – 2 .
The capacity was topped with a crowd of 7 @,@ 100 in the home opener , attending a game against the Wanderers on January 11 , which Ottawa won 12 – 2 .
The players wore knee @-@ length white pants with black stockings , as shown in the 1891 team photo .
Its tongue is long with a brush @-@ like tip to help it collect insects .
The association of the shower scene music with birds also telegraphs to the audience that it is Norman , the stuffed @-@ bird collector , who is the murderer rather than his mother .
Steering is handled with the analog stick , while the A button is used to activate items ( if enabled ) that can be used to produce an increase in speed or to adversely affect opponents .
 Monkey Fight : One to four players simultaneously engage in combat by rolling in any direction with the analog stick and using the A button to punch opponents with a boxing glove attached to their monkey 's ball .
The monkey 's trajectory is manipulated with the analog stick .
The direction and general rolling distance of each shot is arranged with the analog stick , and the shot 's strength is set by the A button .
Its production was notably more lush and elaborate than West 's 2004 debut album The College Dropout , as he utilized intricate sampling methods and string orchestration with Brion .
West juxtaposed the lush , intricate melodies of the string section with the hard , pounding drum rhythms of hip @-@ hop , and used the sound for the foundation of his rapping .
I think I could have hung with them , but I don 't think I could have caught up with them . "
Fontaine , being cornered by Jack , injects himself with a large amount of ADAM , becoming an inhuman monster .
The player can restore their health with medical packs found throughout Rapture .
In an mRNA rescue , a Morpholino is co @-@ injected with an mRNA that codes for the same protein that the Morphlino is targeted to knock down .
A microinjection apparatus is usually used for delivery into an embryo , with injections most commonly performed at the single @-@ cell or few @-@ cell stage ; an alternative method for embryonic delivery is electroporation , which can deliver oligos into tissues of later embryonic stages .
However , Twyne was displeased with the work of Thomas James , the first Bodley 's Librarian , complaining to the library authorities in November 1613 about missing manuscripts , inaccurate records and delays in accessing new acquisitions , and about the librarian 's poor attendance and his habit of scattering his papers around the desks .
 Steep and strewn with rapids , the Kootenay , despite being unsuitable for commercial transportation of agricultural and mineral products , is considered an outstanding whitewater river .
Raymond Fiore of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a " B " rating , noting it 's rock direction and describing it as " Avril @-@ meets @-@ Evanescence , with a splash of Pat Benatar . "
SERCA is likewise affected by mitochondrial feedback : uptake of Ca2 + by the MAM stimulates ATP production , thus providing energy that enables SERCA to reload the ER with Ca2 + for continued Ca2 + efflux at the MAM .
with Jamie Oliver =
with Jamie Oliver is a cooking video game for the Nintendo DS narrated by celebrity chef Jamie Oliver .
Renegade Squadron was one of the first games available in a bundle pack with the newly released PSP redesign .
Doink continued his pranks by squirting Crush with a water pistol and recording video messages to Crush , which showed two Doinks on the screen .
Ramon won the match in under four minutes by pinning Backlund with a small package .
Detectives surmised that the truck had been loaded with explosives in London and that the Granada was intended to be the getaway vehicle .
There was a huge party in Castlefield and people grasped the idea that Manchester should no longer consider itself in competition with the likes of Barnsley and Stockport .
 Both species typically breed in small groups : the Mascarene martin builds a shallow cup nest of twigs and coarse plant material with a soft inner lining , whereas Brazza 's martin makes a small heap of soft material such as feathers or dry grass at the end of a typically 50 @-@ cm ( 20 @-@ in ) tunnel in a riverbank .
One method is for the ship to moor alongside a pier , connect with cargo hoses or marine loading arms .
As the tanker becomes full , crew members open and close valves to direct the flow of product and maintain close communication with the pumping facility to decrease and finally stop the flow of liquid .
This spreading Hellenization interacted with the local Semitic population substratum , which remained faithful to its gods and its language .
 In 1995 , Hayes established the Michigan football record for most consecutive games with a reception by stringing together thirty such games .
@ 999 … as well as for any other nonzero decimals with only finitely many nonzero terms in the decimal string with its trailing 9s version .
@ 999 … as a finite , indeterminate string with an infinitely small distance from 1 have " not yet constructed a complete process conception of the infinite decimal " .
 In the city the population was spread out with 24 @.
The wastewater system was built in 1972 , while the water system was upgraded with a new treatment plant in 2002 .
The Dhanus ( bow ) is a red lotus coloured female with a stringed bow on her head .
Film Laureate of Blogcritics praised " Since U Been Gone " for its " high energy , vocally powered , pop / rock jam with a hook that is infectious . "
Clarkson told People that one of her favourite moments on television was performing " Since U Been Gone " at the MTV Video Music Awards , saying " I hate being all dressed up , so the fact that I was soaking wet with mascara smeared all over my face was definitely the highlight of my evening ! "
The living room featured chipboard walls with fake plants along the side .
Cardwell injected Williams with two shots of vitamin B12 that also contained a quarter @-@ grain of morphine .
He lived with his grandfather so he could attend Donald Robertson 's school with James Madison and John Taylor of Caroline and received a common education .
The site plan features a large crescent pathway with red maples and sugar maples planted along the outer arc .
U.S. Government expeditions to the region commenced in the mid @-@ 19th century as an offshoot of exploration in Yellowstone , with the first permanent white settlers in Jackson Hole arriving in the 1880s .
The major difference between this medal and the current medal is the design of the suspension and the star medallion at the bottom : the top suspension is longer than the bottom , and the bottom star is outlined differently and is adorned with rubies .
Reverend Clemm decided not to bother with a sermon because the crowd was too small .
In 1850 he presented , in collaboration with James Russell Lowell and Nathaniel Parker Willis , a collection of Poe 's work that included a biographical article titled " Memoir of the Author " , in which Poe was depicted as a depraved , drunk , drug @-@ addled madman .
In the middle of the infield is a raised pitcher 's mound , with a rectangular rubber plate ( the rubber ) at its center .
The pitcher begins the pitching delivery with one foot on the rubber , pushing off it to gain velocity when throwing toward home plate .
A team that plays in a park with a relatively short right field , such as the New York Yankees , will tend to stock its roster with left @-@ handed pull hitters , who can best exploit it .
Rain water transports one seed to a sunlit area with well @-@ drained soil .
The narrative provides ecological context , describing animals and plants that interact with the tree , as well as historical context .
However , the conversion to Christianity in the 6th and 7th centuries reintroduced Italian and French masons , and these craftsmen built stone churches , low in height , following a narrow , rectangular plan , plastered inside and fitted with glass and colourful vestments .
Male lions will also head rub and roll around with each other before simulating sex together .
Social licking often occurs in tandem with head rubbing ; it is generally mutual and the recipient appears to express pleasure .
 In Africa , lions can be found in savanna grasslands with scattered Acacia trees , which serve as shade ; their habitat in India is a mixture of dry savanna forest and very dry deciduous scrub forest .
In England , although the seraglio tradition was less developed , lions were kept at the Tower of London in a seraglio established by King John in the thirteenth century , probably stocked with animals from an earlier menagerie started in 1125 by Henry I at his hunting lodge in Woodstock , near Oxford ; where lions had been stocked according to William of Malmesbury .
Such fights would slowly fade out in the seventeenth century with the spread of the menagerie and their appropriation by the commoners .
Please Call Home " was cut in New York with jazz producer Joel Dorn in two takes , with Johanson switching from brushes to a mallet on the second , final take . "
With the stock market crash in 1929 and the onset of the Great Depression in Australia , Bruce commented to his colleagues that their defeat was probably fortunate .
It was constructed of sticks and lined with dead leaves and moss ; it was oval in shape and not very deep .
July campaigning wrapped up in Iowa with visits to seven cities in two days from July 27 – 28 .
Individuals with high viral loads , characteristically have ground glass hepatocytes on biopsy .
 There is not very much remains standing of the ruins ; two archways , each of great size , and in moderately good preservation , alone tell of the grandeur of the old city , while acres and acres of land are strewn with monuments and broken sculpture .
By August 29 , it had a broad and poorly organized circulation with only scattered convection .
Young British soldiers were known to harass these birds for fun , even blowing up birds by feeding them meat containing bones packed with a cartridge and fuse .
Widespread protests and litigation with the Supreme Court of India , however , led the Archaeological Survey to cede the temple back to the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board .
 There is a possible temple to Mithras associated with the civilian settlement in modern Hulme .
The rest of the wall still rises above five and four feet in height , planted all the way with thorns above , and exhibiting a curious view of the rampart below .
It had showers with Italian marble and a one and a half storey garage .
Unfortunately , the process then ran into problems with dust and other foreign matter , and presented problems of contamination of the personnel and equipment involved .
Working with polonium without spreading contamination proved to be almost impossible .
 Nor altar heaped with flowers ;
It is hoped that eventually passenger trains will connect with the Settle @-@ Carlisle Railway at Garsdale , and that the section of line near Northallerton known as the South Curve can be upgraded to allow trains from Wensleydale to run into Northallerton railway station without reversing onto the main line .
The wing suffered fuel and ordnance shortages ; at one stage its squadrons had to load their Beauforts with captured Japanese bombs .
Patridge became involved in a brief relationship with singer Ryan Cabrera and settled as friends with Brescia , while Bosworth moved in with her boyfriend Scott .
 The Allies were unaware of this and mounted further attacks on the site as part of the United States Army Air Forces experimental Operation Aphrodite , involving radio @-@ controlled B @-@ 24 Liberators packed with explosives .
 Less than half of the protected areas of the Albany Pine Bush ( 42 % , or 952 acres ( 385 ha ) ) are currently pitch pine @-@ scrub oak barrens , with an additional 680 acres ( 280 ha ) of disturbed areas with invasive plant growth .
The pine @-@ hardwood forests are dominated by species such as white pine and yellow birch ( Betula alleghaniensis ) , mixed with scattered red maple , a shrub layer dominated by witch @-@ hazel ( Hamamelis virginiana ) , and a herbaceous layer composed of a variety of herbs , mosses , and lichens .
 In September 2006 , in celebration of the release of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew and Pokémon Mystery Dungeon : Blue Rescue Team and Red Rescue Team , players with a copy of Ruby , Sapphire , Emerald , FireRed , or LeafGreen could go to a Toys " R " Us store to download the creature for free .
 The history of botany examines the human effort to understand life on Earth by tracing the historical development of the discipline of botany — that part of natural science dealing with organisms traditionally treated as plants .
In Europe , this early botanical science was soon overshadowed by a medieval preoccupation with the medicinal properties of plants that lasted more than 1000 years .
 Progressively more sophisticated scientific technology has aided the development of contemporary botanical offshoots in the plant sciences , ranging from the applied fields of economic botany ( notably agriculture , horticulture and forestry ) , to the detailed examination of the structure and function of plants and their interaction with the environment over many scales from the large @-@ scale global significance of vegetation and plant communities ( biogeography and ecology ) through to the small scale of subjects like cell theory , molecular biology and plant biochemistry .
The sacred Hindu text Atharvaveda divides plants into eight classes : visakha ( spreading branches ) , manjari ( leaves with long clusters ) , sthambini ( bushy plants ) , prastanavati ( which expands ) ; ekasṛnga ( those with monopodial growth ) , pratanavati ( creeping plants ) , amsumati ( with many stalks ) , and kandini ( plants with knotty joints ) .
The Taittiriya Samhita classifies the plant kingdom into vṛksa , vana and druma ( trees ) , visakha ( shrubs with spreading branches ) , sasa ( herbs ) , amsumali ( spreading plant ) , vratati ( climber ) , stambini ( bushy plant ) , pratanavati ( creeper ) , and alasala ( spreading on the ground ) .
The Enquiry is 9 books of " applied " botany dealing with the forms and classification of plants and economic botany , examining the techniques of agriculture ( relationship of crops to soil , climate , water and habitat ) and horticulture .
Roman encyclopaedist Pliny the Elder ( 23 – 79 AD ) deals with plants in Books 12 to 26 of his 37 @-@ volume highly influential work Naturalis Historia in which he frequently quotes Theophrastus but with a lack of botanical insight although he does , nevertheless , draw a distinction between true botany on the one hand , and farming and medicine on the other .
 In the European Middle Ages of the 15th and 16th centuries the lives of European citizens were based around agriculture but when printing arrived , with movable type and woodcut illustrations , it was not treatises on agriculture that were published , but lists of medicinal plants with descriptions of their properties or " virtues " .
 This approach coupled with the new Linnaean system of binomial nomenclature resulted in plant encyclopaedias without medicinal information called Floras that meticulously described and illustrated the plants growing in particular regions .
His observations started with the local plants of Cambridge where he lived , with the Catalogus Stirpium circa Cantabrigiam Nascentium ( 1860 ) which later expanded to his Synopsis Methodica Stirpium Britannicarum , essentially the first British Flora .
Demonstration of the cellular composition of all organisms , with each cell possessing all the characteristics of life , is attributed to the combined efforts of botanist Matthias Schleiden and zoologist Theodor Schwann ( 1810 – 1882 ) in the early 19th century although Moldenhawer had already shown that plants were wholly cellular with each cell having its own wall and Julius von Sachs had shown the continuity protoplasm between cell walls .
 The band formed at Manchester University , but settled in London where they signed with Charisma .
Yamaguchi hoped to express how the album was compiled with new feelings , and express the theme of the album as newness .
Though sparing the lives of the delegation members , King Edward drove out most of the French inhabitants , and settled the town with English .
Despite its obvious horror angles , production is crammed with incident and suspense " .
Some of his finest works elude conventional categorisation , such as the Serenade to Music ( 1938 ) for sixteen solo singers and orchestra ; Flos Campi ( 1925 ) for solo viola , small orchestra , and small chorus ; and his most important chamber work , in Howes 's view — not purely instrumental but a song cycle — On Wenlock Edge ( 1909 ) with accompaniment for string quartet and piano .
Ben seals and then activates power to the compartment he had loaded with metal items , blowing a hole in the back of it .
Tallon made eight dismissals in the opening match of the Sheffield Shield campaign against New South Wales , but the visitors hung on for a draw with one wicket in hand .
The pitch was returfed and levelled , with ashes spread around the perimeter , and a wooden grandstand was built that came to be known as ' Noah 's Ark ' .
With his death came a string of short @-@ lived governments , culminating in rebellion , and constitutional turmoil after the withdrawal of German soldiers .
Proposed interchanges of Rt 53 : IL Rt 22 - unknown innovative interchange design , Midlothian Rd - design not yet proposed , Peterson Rd - Village of Grayslake proposes a folded diamond interchange to reduce land acquisitions , 120 bypass - Village of Grayslake proposes a triple @-@ stack interchange complex with the highest fly @-@ over ramp at 12 feet above grade , the middle elevation fly @-@ over ramp 10 feet below grade , and the main line beneath to be a tunnel with road surface at 32 feet below grade .
 For its fourth album , Pearl Jam again worked with producer Brendan O 'Brien , with whom they had worked on predecessors Vs .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in North America and Europe in the fall of 1996 .
On the change in mood compared with the band ’ s previous releases , he said that " the album leaves you with the vaguely unsettling feeling that Pearl Jam without pain are like a pretzel without salt , or Seattle without rain . "
@ 1 ft ) tall , with little lateral spread .
The seeds are separated by a dark brown seed separator that is roughly the same shape as the seeds with a depression where the seed body sits adjacent to it in the follicle .
The short @-@ billed black cockatoo breaks off old cones with follicles to eat the seed , often doing so before the seed is ripe .
Unusually for banksias , B. coccinea can release seed with resulting seedlings growing in the absence of a bushfire trigger .
Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic commented that Poquita Ropa " finds Arjona at his most naked , backed by spare arrangements of acoustic guitar , piano , and Hammond B @-@ 3 along with occasional touches of strings , woodwinds , and chorus vocals . "
As he held the first head up and made the customary announcement , the crowd reacted with horror and fled .
The Act also limited the penalty for treason to hanging alone , although it did not remove the monarch 's right under the 1814 Act to replace hanging with beheading .
Arches with beautiful moulding were hidden by walls , Sedilia were removed from their original positions and reredos had been covered with plaster or hidden with walls .
Grant then replaced Henderson with James Broadhead .
Sometimes they were revetted around the edges with vertical piles and sometimes surfaced with logs of oak .
As elsewhere in Europe , hill forts were first introduced in this period , including the occupation of Eildon hill near Melrose in the Scottish Borders , from around 1000 BCE , which accommodated several hundred houses on a fortified hilltop , and Traprain Law in East Lothian , which had a 20 @-@ acre enclosure , sectioned in two places west of the summit , made up of a coursed , stone wall with a rubble core .
 Most of the precipitation falls in the winter and early spring , while summer is punctuated with widely scattered thunderstorms .
The imaging was not good enough to distinguish between the main and secondary disks within 80 AU of Beta Pictoris , however the northeast extension of the dust disk is predicted to intersect with the main disk at about 30 AU from the star .
Silicate material was also detected at 16 and 30 AU from the star , with a lack of dust between 6 @.
Detailed modeling indicates the falling evaporating bodies are unlikely to be mainly icy like comets , but instead are probably composed of a mixed dust and ice core with a crust of refractory material .
Later that night , Nigel tells Andy that he has accepted a job as Creative Director with rising fashion star James Holt ( Daniel Sunjata ) at Miranda 's recommendation .
The initial cases were a cluster of injecting drug users and homosexual men with no known cause of impaired immunity who showed symptoms of Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia ( PCP ) , a rare opportunistic infection that was known to occur in people with very compromised immune systems .
 With the Dodgers crowded outfield situation , Kemp was the subject of much trade speculation after the season .
The local council 's community relations officer said there was a " shifting convoy of ambulances : as soon as one was loaded up with injured officers , another would move up to take its place . "
The character is over two and a half centuries old , having been given her advanced longevity by injecting herself with vampire blood , as well as reliving the 20th century from time travel .
Each member voluntarily injected themselves with pure vampire blood , a species that had become extinct centuries before .
Some cello C strings are wound with tungsten .
The extra density gives this sting more projection and often cellists will buy just this string and use it with 3 strings from a different set .
Metallic tungsten is hypoallergenic , and is harder than gold alloys ( though not as hard as tungsten carbide ) , making it useful for rings that will resist scratching , especially in designs with a brushed finish .
He doesn 't care — he 's more interested in hanging out with the old guy and the kid . "
At a cost of about US $ 100 ( ~ € 76 ) per month , Leaf owners can sign up at any time for the program and immediately get a new battery pack with the latest available technology that is compatible with their vehicle .
The 2013 model year Leaf delivers a higher range than the 2012 model with the same 24 kWh battery pack .
This plant was modified with a US $ 1 @.
 Initially the Leaf was sold in all markets including the battery pack and is not compatible with the QuickDrop battery swapping feature developed by its alliance partner Renault .
 Crowd sourced reports of Nissan Leafs with premature battery degradation have been collected at the MyNissanLeaf.com forum and have been tracked on the website 's wiki page .
 In regards to writing songs for ... Is a Real Boy , Bemis stated , " The songs were jam packed with fairly blatant nods to bands I dig ( Queen , Saves the Day , Pavement , Faith No More , Fugazi , etc ) . "
The developers also added new areas for the player to explore , changed most of the puzzle designs , and included a new control scheme called Type C where players move their characters by pressing the R button of the GameCube controller and steer them with the analog stick .
Of particular historical interest are two independently produced series of slapstick comedies with important performers : FBO put out several shorts in 1924 – 25 made by Joe Rock and starring Stan Laurel , before his famous partnership with Oliver Hardy .
The landscape outside of town is mostly woodland with scattered fields .
The version starts slower with Madonna 's vocals entering with a low string bass line only , gradually more string arrangements are added with harp and brass featured in the background of the mix .
With America about to splash her flag across the Pacific , McKinley needed a secretary with stronger credentials .
 After the course of treatment , Hay went to Paris and began to take on his workload again by meeting with the French foreign minister , Théophile Delcassé .
It is particularly important ecologically because it includes the complete successional range of dune plant communities , with over 400 vascular plant species .
The many rare plants and animals include 14 with UK Biodiversity Action Plans .
With the generous settlement they seem to be destined to be perfectly happy , but the father dies , leaving his family in a shambles despite the money .
The woody separator is the same shape as the seed , with an impression where the seed body lies next to it .
Furthermore , there were a few plants with morphology suggestive of a third species , B. paludosa , in their parentage , and requiring further investigation .
The woody infructescences also release seeds as their follicles are opened with heat , although a proportion do open spontaneously at other times .
It is propagated readily from seed , with young plants taking five to seven years to flower from seed .
David Duchovny , on the other hand , was very pleased with the episode and Mitch Pileggi 's performance ; he later noted , " It was nice for Mitch , and I think he deserved an episode after two years .
 After settling his contract dispute with Fox , Duchovny quit full @-@ time participation in the show after the seventh season .
Assistant Secretary of the Navy Charles H. Allen named Tilley commandant of United States Naval Station Tutuila with a charter to " cultivate friendly relations with the natives " .
This also allowed ordnance or burning aircraft to be jettisoned into the sea , something that the earlier carriers could not do with their enclosed hangars .
Identified immediately as a sloth lemur ( palaeopropithecid ) upon its discovery , Babakotia along with Mesopropithecus helped to settle a debate about the relationship between the sloth lemurs , the monkey lemurs ( family Archaeolemuridae ) and the living indriids .
 Based on its size , the morphology of its molars , and microwear analysis on its teeth , Babakotia radofilai was likely a folivore , while supplementing its diet with fruit and hard seeds .
 By the mid @-@ 1950s , he had been hired as the Apollo 's stage manager , and soon began his role as the Apollo 's famed " executioner " , chasing Amateur Night contestants the crowd disapproved of off the stage with a shepherd 's crook ( known since vaudeville times as " the hook " ) a broom , or other props , while dressed in a variety of wacky costumes , whether long underwear , a clown suit , or even a diaper .
 LaBlanc , Michael L. ; with Ruby , Mary K. ( 1994 ) .
49 species of fish and 47 species of mammals are registered in the area of the nature reserve , along with 772 species of vascular plants .
The first show consisted of Sturm playing an ARP 2600 synthesizer , Konietzko playing vacuum cleaners and bass guitars with their amplifiers spread throughout the building , and four Polish coal miners ( whom Konietzko had met at a bordello ) pounding on the foundations of the Grand Palais .
During the following days there were more tussles with the pack , which on 14 December was thick enough to halt the ship for 24 hours .
 On 21 February 1915 Endurance , still held fast , drifted to her most southerly latitude , 76 ° 58 ′ S. Thereafter she began moving with the pack in a northerly direction .
 After Shackleton left with the James Caird , Frank Wild took command of the Elephant Island party , some of whom were in a low state , physically or mentally : Lewis Rickinson had suffered a suspected heart attack ; Blackborow was unable to walk , due to frostbitten feet ; Hudson was mentally depressed .
The surrounding sea was dense with pack ice that would halt any rescue ship , food supplies were running out and no penguins were coming ashore .
Woods was part of the show , and impressed Nicklaus and the crowd with his skills and potential .
 In 2004 , Perry signed to Ballard 's label , Java , which was then affiliated with The Island Def Jam Music Group .
 On his return to Britain in 1821 , MacGregor claimed that King George Frederic Augustus of the Mosquito Coast in the Gulf of Honduras had created him Cazique of Poyais , which he described as a developed colony with an existing community of British settlers .
With an angry crowd looking on and hurling insults at him , MacGregor boarded the Morgiana with his wife on 4 September .
Hall would sail with 70 emigrants on the Honduras Packet , a vessel MacGregor had encountered in South America .
 In the post @-@ war period Scotland continued to produce important architects , including James Stirling ( 1926 – 92 ) , who , with James Gowan ( 1923 – ) designed the Flats at Ham Common , London ( 1955 – 58 ) , considered a landmark in the development of modernist , brutalist residential planning , a style which would have a profound impact in Scotland .
The Zong was manned with remnants of the previous Dutch crew , the crew of the William and with unemployed sailors hired from the settlements along the African coast .
 In Bulgaria , returning Banat Bulgarians populated the villages of Asenovo , Bardarski Geran , Dragomirovo , Gostilya , and Bregare , among others , in some of which they coexist or coexisted with Banat Swabians , other Bulgarian Roman Catholics , and Eastern Orthodox Bulgarians .
 In the early hours of 17 June , U @-@ 43 torpedoed and sank the 2 @,@ 727 ton British merchant ship Cathrine , part of Convoy SL @-@ 76 , which was loaded with 3 @,@ 700 tons of manganese ore , about 250 nautical miles ( 460 km ; 290 mi ) south @-@ west of Cape Clear ( southern Ireland ) .
 Early on the morning of 29 November , U @-@ 43 fired two torpedoes at the 5 @,@ 569 ton British merchant ship Thornliebank , part of Convoy OS @-@ 12 , and loaded with general cargo and munitions , about 240 nautical miles ( 440 km ; 280 mi ) north @-@ north @-@ west of the Azores .
The ship , loaded with 78 @,@ 200 barrels ( 12 @,@ 430 m3 ) of gasoline and kerosene , exploded and sank within minutes .
 On the morning of 18 November , U @-@ 43 fired four torpedoes at Convoy SC @-@ 109 and hit the 9 @,@ 131 ton American tanker Brilliant , loaded with 90 @,@ 704 barrels ( 14 @,@ 420 @.
The following month , despite continual problems with jamming guns in the S.E.5s , Ball shot down seven Albatroses in five days , including two reconnaissance models on 1 May , a reconnaissance plane and an Albatros D.III fighter on 2 May ; a D.III on 4 May , and two D.IIIs the next day , 5 May .
On 10 June 1917 , a memorial service was held for Ball in the centre of Nottingham at St Mary 's Church , with large crowds paying tribute as the procession of mourners passed by .
His teammate Mika Häkkinen finished second with Rubens Barrichello third for the Ferrari team .
@ 102 seconds slower and used his team 's spare monocoque while the McLaren mechanics fitted his race car with a new fuel pump .
He conducted the Fourth Piano Concerto with pleasure ( recording it with Arthur Rubinstein and the LPO ) but avoided the Emperor Concerto when possible .
At dusk , a kamikaze loaded with a 551 lb ( 250 kg ) bomb crashed the top of Turret No.
In overall , the trailer looks very delightful , colourful and loaded with entertainment .
At the same time as The Amazing Jeckel Brothers ' release , Island Records merged with Def Jam Records .
Amoroso elaborated in another interview that he believed Rachelle had been " sedated " with an injection of heroin by her boyfriend quickly after Bella 's death , as a " track mark " visible on her neck could not be the result of her own action .
Fitted with Jumo 211 A @-@ 1 engines loaded with retractable radiators and exhaust systems .
With this load the He 111Z had a range of 1 @,@ 094 km ( 680 mi ) and a speed of 314 km / h ( 195 mph ) .
To increase power the five Jumo 211F @-@ 2 powerplants were to be fitted with Hirth TK 11 superchargers .
The boiler was between the wheels with a " nautical looking " chimney from the boiler angling backwards behind the rider , with the firebox in the lower half of this housing , all of which hung from the frame with a spring to absorb shock , while two stay rods attached the bottom of the housing to the back of the frame .
 Weeks later , Magnolia and Ravenal have been a hit with the crowds and have fallen in love .
obviously used the floor trap , but was it an illusionistically painted figure worked with sticks , or a man in a crocodile suit ?
When the theatre in Bridges Street did burn down in January 1672 , with its entire stock of scenery and costumes , it was an economic blow from which the King 's Company 's never recovered .
 The scene changes to the principal street of the city , with vast numbers of people looking down from the tops of houses , and out of the windows and balconies , which are hung with tapestry .
It was a great popular success , but so stuffed with special effects and so expensive that it nevertheless proved impossible to make money from it .
The matter was settled with the discovery of new skeletons of Babakotia and Mesopropithecus , two genera of sloth lemur , both of which had indriid @-@ like skulls and teeth .
 The Rosecrans Street portion of the highway followed the route of the historic La Playa Trail , the oldest European trail on the west coast , which connected the Spanish settlements in Old Town and Mission San Diego de Alcala with the ship loading and unloading area at La Playa .
The video features a spoilt child being showered with Christmas presents while poorer children are shown in tears due to their lack of gifts .
Houtteman was again brought up in trade rumors , along with Mike Garcia , since the Indians were loaded with pitching talent .
The early part of day three was largely housekeeping , spacecraft maintenance and exchanging status reports with Mission Control in Houston .
She displaced 18 @,@ 873 t ( 18 @,@ 575 long tons ) with a normal load , and 20 @,@ 535 t ( 20 @,@ 211 long tons ) fully laden .
In the lowland Petén this approach was not so successful , since the Maya could disappear easily into the rainforest leaving the Spanish with deserted settlements .
Production chose to include the Hashima model after Daniel Craig met with Swedish film @-@ maker Thomas Nordanstad whilst shooting The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo in Stockholm .
 Guitarist Jeff Hanneman had written four unreleased songs in 1984 – 1985 while in the side project Pap Smear with Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo and Suicidal Tendencies guitarist Rocky George .
Combined with spreading and acoustic shadowing effects , the result is that the whale is unable to hear an approaching vessel before it has been run over or entrapped by the hydrodynamic forces of the vessel 's passage .
Menage 's assistant , Donald Streeter , was tried twice but both trials ended with a hung jury .
En route , they encountered the German supply ship Rauenfels , loaded with artillery and ammunition , whose crew ran her aground and abandoned ship after Hostile fired at the ship .
Common cottongrass ( Eriophorum angustifolium ) , a plant with fluffy white plumes native to wet hollows on high moors , was announced as the county flower of Greater Manchester .
The proportion of unemployment in the county varies , with the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport having the lowest at 2 @.
Sweet dishes include Eccles cake — native to Eccles — a small round flaky pastry cake filled with currants , sugar and spice ; Manchester tart , a baked tart which consists of a shortcrust pastry shell spread with raspberry jam , covered with a custard filling and topped with flakes of coconut ; and Uncle Joe 's Mint Balls , traditional sweet mild mints manufactured in Wigan since their inception in 1898 .
Gugelmin scored points in one other race with fifth place at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Because of his personal acquaintance with James Madison , whom he characterized as a proponent of dual federalism , Stevenson delivered an address on the subject at the Association 's annual meeting .
All strategies and weapons used in the war must be to defeat the opponent , not designed to cause misery to the opponent ; for example , use of arrows is allowed , but use of arrows smeared with painful poison is not allowed .
After finishing the book , one crazed reader storms on to the set of reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians and murders the entire Kardashian family with a pump @-@ action shotgun .
The album was remastered for this release , with the heavily revised packaging credited to Wherefore Art ?
Kevin Nash was originally supposed to take part in the match but was removed due to sickness and was replaced with James .
 Although most of the residents of Silver Reef were not Mormon , they had good relations with residents of the nearby Mormon settlements .
On Brown 's instructions , Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O 'Donnell had updated the protocol for dealing with a hung parliament earlier in the year .
Bismarck also carried four Arado Ar 196 reconnaissance floatplanes , with a single large hangar and a double @-@ ended catapult .
 Upon returning to Ark Royal , the Swordfish loaded torpedoes equipped with contact detonators .
 With the port rudder jammed , Bismarck was now steaming in a large circle , unable to escape from Tovey 's forces .
The company is organized as a stock corporation with four divisions : Investment Banking , Private Banking , Asset Management , and a Shared Services Group that provides marketing and support to the other three divisions .
The club 's six @-@ game unbeaten run came to an end in the return fixture at Glossop , with further defeats following against Stockport County and Chesterfield .
Local sources say she tied a clothesline hung with her laundry across the track , but other reports say she placed a railroad tie across the tracks and erected a fence post between the rails to which she attached a note of protest that read : " This land belongs to me .
 The church was constructed out of rows of red bricks stuck together with white mortar .
In addition , she was loaded with a large quantity of ammunition to resupply the Fifth Army fighting in the Gallipoli Campaign .
They also played a string of shows with Queensrÿche .
These songs were compiled with their previous remixes to form an EP .
 In 1989 , Simon developed the animated sitcom The Simpsons with Matt Groening and James L. Brooks .
In 1801 , he was chosen as one of three commissioners from Mercer County charged with selling stock shares in the Kentucky River Company , which was chartered to clear obstructions in the Kentucky River from its mouth to the mouth of its south fork .
Those were the things that inspired me – I guess it stuck with me " , he commented decades later .
One such album was Jaki Byard with Strings !
In the 2011 – 12 Iraqi Premier League , Al @-@ Talaba with Jamal Ali , Khalaf Hassan , and Karim Salman as their consecutive managers , finished the season in fourth place with 68 points , winning in 19 matches , drawing in 11 , and losing in eight .
Footage taken by the military , and later broadcast on Yugoslav television , showed a field strewn with guns , ammunition and the bodies of three militants .
The troops said they had been exchanging gunfire with the rebels over the previous two days .
Approaching Mubo around 17 : 00 the Japanese clashed with the Australians and were scattered .
In September 1964 , with the confrontation with Indonesia reaching a peak , the detachment of four Victors was prepared for rapid dispersal , with two aircraft loaded with live conventional bombs and held on one @-@ hour readiness , ready to fly operational sorties .
Seneca 's hockey coach Lee Trempe had several arguments with James before she began to take her studies seriously .
Team Canada was represented by the national champion Hamilton Golden Hawks , with whom James had played with in the national tournament , while " Team Ontario " was represented by her usual club team in Mississauga .
The school again repeated as champions in 1987 with James as its head coach .
It was later adapted into a film , with James in the lead role .
Sailing with his son Sesario Sewralur , and Nainoa as sailing master , Mau watched as Nainoa 's students Kaʻau McKenney and Keahi Omai served as navigators .
In the same area , hyena faeces are believed to enable a child to walk at an early age , thus it is not uncommon in that area to see children with hyena dung wrapped in their clothes .
Dark Horse … [ is ] packed with beautiful , small @-@ scale moments . "
For the second machine , they built a full blue fiberglass casing for the consoles , improved the quality of the joysticks with the help of an machine shop , and modified the computer with a newer display processor to support up to four games at once on different monitors — either multiple simultaneous separate games or up to four players playing the same game on two screens .
In 1793 he made a double @-@ barrelled pistol with a removable stock for the Royal Horse Artillery .
However , this weapon was impractical with the stock removed and was usually used as a carbine .
During his college years in Oakland , California he jammed with future stars Jerry Garcia , and Tom and John Fogerty and developed an appreciation for the creative aspects of music .
In order for them to begin driving , Lakitu will come in with the traffic light hanging on a fishing pole , which starts the countdown .
The group began to improve their stage image ; Daltrey started using his microphone cable as a whip on stage , and occasionally leapt into the crowd ; Moon threw drumsticks into the air mid @-@ beat ; Townshend mimed machine gunning the crowd with his guitar while jumping on stage and playing guitar with a fast arm @-@ windmilling motion , or stood with his arms aloft allowing his guitar to produce feedback in a posture dubbed " the Bird Man " .
Moon bribed a stage hand to put explosives in his drum kit , who loaded it with ten times the expected quantity .
Because he did not want to be involved in administrative duties , he became co @-@ director of the laboratory , with James Lum handling the administrative chores as executive director .
Home console versions use game controllers with directional pads or analog sticks , while computer ports use the keyboard .
The bluestocking Elizabeth Carter was unimpressed with the work .
Bart is forced to go to the DMV with his aunts Patty and Selma , and Lisa decides to go to the nuclear power plant with Homer , where she bonds with him .
Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil / coal burning .
 A tropical wave left the coast of Africa on October 1 , moving westward with intermittent showers and thunderstorms .
Lester described the song as " Pump Up the Jam meets the Macarena with a dash of Cotton Eye Joe " while Robert Myers of The Village Voice dismissed " Gangnam Style " as an " inspired piece of silliness " .
 On September 18 , 2012 , the North Korean government became the first to use " Gangnam Style " for political activism when it uploaded a parody with the title " I 'm Yushin style ! "
8 with MTV news staff James Montgomery 's comment : " ' Gangnam ' is either the track we , as a culture needed right now , or the track we , as a culture , deserved " .
Valerius Maximus , writing in Memorable Doings and Sayings in the 1st century AD , gives the phrase as " ... sed protecto manibus puluere ' noli ' inquit , ' obsecro , istum disturbare ' " - " ... but protecting the dust with his hands , said ' I beg of you , do not disturb this . '
Manitoba qualified for the 2010 playoffs with the final and eighth seed in the Western Conference .
The Irish immigrants , who were frequently confused with the British , arrived as merchants , tradesmen and sailors , settling along with the British in the main trading cities and ports .
Together with English and Welsh settlers , these Scots introduced Protestantism ( particularly the Presbyterianism of the Church of Scotland ) and the Ulster Scots and English languages to , mainly , northeastern Ireland .
Codex " is a downtempo piano ballad with flugelhorns and strings . "
 Peeler re @-@ settled with his family in Victoria , and was appointed the inaugural custodian of Melbourne 's Shrine of Remembrance in 1934 .
Experiments in rats and monkeys suggest that astatine @-@ 211 causes much greater damage to the thyroid gland than does iodine @-@ 131 , with repetitive injection of the nuclide resulting in necrosis and cell dysplasia within the gland .
This species is captured incidentally by commercial bottom trawl and gillnet fisheries ; bycatch mortality is exacerbated by the practice of " spiking " , in which the ray 's cranium is pierced with a metal bar or sharpened stick so as to move it .
 The band continued the tour returning to the UK in May 2009 for a short string of dates with support from labelmates Cauldron .
These episodes are usually associated with widespread but variable airflow obstruction within the lung that is often reversible either spontaneously or with treatment " .
 In 1873 , one of the first papers in modern medicine on the subject tried to explain the pathophysiology of the disease while one in 1872 , concluded that asthma can be cured by rubbing the chest with chloroform liniment .
The book was initially called Gumby 's Arthur Adams Specials , but was eventually published with a sticker covering Adams ' name on the cover , effectively renaming the book Gumby 's Spring Specials .
 Although Adams has experimented with painting with watercolor and oil paints ( his 1989 covers for Appleseed were rendered with a combination of ink , watercolor and color pencil ) , his color work is so sporadic that he says he has to relearn what he has forgotten in the interim each time , and is usually dissatisfied with the results .
Only twice since 1990 has neither a number one @-@ seeded team nor a number two @-@ seeded team hosted a conference championship game ( in the 2006 AFC Championship the # 3 seeded Indianapolis Colts hosted the # 4 seeded New England Patriots with the Colts winning 38 – 34 and the 2008 NFC Championship the # 4 seeded Arizona Cardinals hosting the # 6 seeded Philadelphia Eagles with the Cardinals winning 32 – 25 ) .
 The league did not institute a seeding system for the playoffs until 1975 , where the surviving clubs with the higher seeds were made the home teams for each playoff round .
In this current format , as explained above , the 4 division winners and 2 wild cards are seeded 1 – 6 , with the top 2 seeds receiving byes , and the highest seed in each round guaranteed to play the lowest seed .
Since being a division winner is a guaranteed playoff berth , there have been many cases in which a team that wins a " weak " division either barely has a winning record ( as with the 2013 Green Bay Packers ) , or has a .500 or losing record altogether ( such as the 2010 Seattle Seahawks ) .
 While at university , Taborn toured and recorded with jazz saxophonist James Carter .
At [ Győr ] , on the feast day of SS Fabian and Sebastian the martyrs , King [ Solomon ] and Duke [ Géza ] made peace with each other before the Hungarian people .
Deng stated that the PRC 's sovereignty on Hong Kong was non @-@ negotiable , but he was willing to settle the sovereignty issue with Britain through formal negotiations , and both governments promised to maintain Hong Kong 's stability and prosperity .
Photographs of parachutists were printed in local papers , documents were planted with the enemy , Allied airmen were warned to look out for gliders ( Victor Jones mocked up some dummies to support the story ) , and a section of desert was cordoned off for " training " .
As only female birds lay eggs , medullary tissue is only found naturally in females , although males are capable of producing it when injected with female reproductive hormones like estrogen .
That December , she set out with her first load of troops .
In the string of interviews with Gore that followed , Gore himself felt like they " were making Kill Al Vol .
The move was a surprise for Hextall , who had settled in well in Quebec with his family .
After the season had concluded , Maloney said that he believed that only two Islanders players had distinguished themselves during the 1993 – 94 season , with one of those being Jamie McLennan .
During a practice session , he chopped Sylvain Turgeon 's arm with his stick during a scrimmage , claiming that the left wing was too close to the goal .
Here , the climate becomes significantly drier than that in the Rocky Mountains , and the river becomes entrenched in progressively deeper gorges of bare rock , beginning with Ruby Canyon and then Westwater Canyon as it enters Utah , now once again heading southwest .
The backpacking trip had been planned with a friend for years and the pair spent most of 2002 in Europe ; while Higgins was travelling , " All for Believing " started to receive airplay on Los Angeles radio station KCRW .
Admiral Hipper and Blücher were equipped with three electricity plants with four diesel generators and six turbo @-@ generators each ; the diesel generators supplied 150 kW apiece , four of the six turbo @-@ generators provided 460 kW , and the final pair provided 230 kW .
 The tunnels were enlarged by removing several of the cast iron segments from each tunnel ring , excavating a void behind to the required new diameter and reinstalling the segments with additional packing spacers .
 After working in Stampede for a while , The Fabulous Kangaroos started to travel across the United States , headlining shows wherever they went due to their ability to rile up crowds with their heel ( bad guy ) tactics .
I Love You " — were published by an EMI subsidiary , Ardmore & Beechwood , before signing with James .
The grey currawong builds a large shallow nest of thin sticks lined with grass and bark high in trees ; generally eucalypts are chosen .
 During his second NHL season , Eberle sustained a sprained knee after colliding with Dallas Stars forward Jamie Benn during a game on January 7 , 2012 .
Nearly all the buildings in that small town were affected , with water and sewer lines broken there as well .
The hall was originally hung with 28 portraits of Kings , Queens , and Emperors , from William the Conqueror to William III , intended to give the house an air of dynastic importance .
With no power to pump out the water , Hornet was given up for lost , and the crew abandoned ship .
The coastline has retreated noticeably in the last 2 @,@ 000 years , with many former settlements now flooded , particularly Ravenser Odd and Ravenspurn , which was a major port until its destruction in the 14th century .
The company has plans to build an energy from waste plant at Saltend to deal with 240 @,@ 000 tonnes ( 240 @,@ 000 long tons ; 260 @,@ 000 short tons ) of rubbish and put waste to a productive use by providing power for the equivalent of 20 @,@ 000 houses .
Largely crewed by personnel from the Royal Navy , volunteers were brought on board to bring the ship up to full strength and after stocking up with supplies , she departed for Auckland to await further instructions .
Evan Chandler was tape @-@ recorded threatening to damage the singer 's music career , and engaged Jackson in unsuccessful negotiations to resolve the issue with a financial settlement .
At that trial , Jackson 's former housekeeper Blanca Francia had testified that she had witnessed Robson showering with Jackson when Robson was 8 or 9 years old .
The bay incorporates a stack of three square windows topped with a Flamboyant arch , two hipped roofs with decorative spikes , and three chimneys .
 DVD – DVD keep case packed with the DVD .
Taylor played the Hammond through the 1980s , first with the Prisoners and later with the James Taylor Quartet .
While this somewhat weakened the royal position , it was of little concern to Báthory , as the loss of power was not significant in the short term , and he was more concerned with the hereditary Hungarian throne .
While the city held , on 13 December 1581 Ivan the Terrible began negotiations that concluded with the Truce of Jam Zapolski on 15 January 1582 .
However , as with the Eureka Stockade , the date has been seen by some as being too closely connected with Victoria , and its location close to the start of winter has been described as an impediment .
 In 2004 , a Newspoll that asked if the date of Australia Day should be moved to one that is not associated with European settlement found 79 per cent of respondents favoured no change , 15 per cent favoured change and 6 per cent were uncommitted .
It was written and produced by Timberlake , Timothy " Timbaland " Mosley and Jerome " J @-@ Roc " Harmon , with additional writing from James Fauntleroy .
With time and the production of more cones with seed @-@ containing follicles , however , plants can store up to 16 @,@ 500 seeds at eight years of age .
cunninghamii and that there were plants with longer leaves some 20 – 25 mm ( ¾ – 1 in ) long with entire , curled margins .
Other plants it associates with include the Coast Tea @-@ tree ( Leptospermum laevigatum ) and smaller plants such as Woollsia pungens .
@ 6 lb ) with a loaded 50 @-@ round magazine .
@ 5 lb ) with a fully loaded 50 @-@ round magazine .
 Early in 1604 Robert Catesby , a Catholic convert who had lost patience with King James I 's lack of toleration of Catholics , invited his cousin Thomas Wintour to a meeting at which John was also present .
It features Shakira interacting with a beach crowd , and dancing in front of the sea wearing a golden bikini .
It was unveiled on April 4 , 2013 , as part of a press event held by Facebook — serving as a successor to a pair of Facebook @-@ oriented devices HTC released in 2011 , it is the first Android device to be pre @-@ loaded with Facebook 's own user interface layer , Facebook Home in lieu of HTC 's own Sense .
 In early 2013 , reports indicated that HTC was preparing to unveil a Facebook @-@ oriented smartphone with the revised codename " Myst " ; this mid @-@ range device was reportedly pre @-@ loaded with a new Facebook @-@ developed user interface layer known as " Facebook Home " .
@ 1 experience ; the First was the first HTC device since the T @-@ Mobile G2 to offer a stock Android interface and not ship with the company 's HTC Sense software .
It is the first album since Meteora ( 2003 ) not to be produced with Rick Rubin , after producing the band 's previous three studio albums .
Also considered is the way of life of Native Americans , with whom James and his family intend to live at the close of the book .
Salmon could pass the dam during high water , but most were blocked : " For half a mile below the dam , the river was crowded with fish throughout the summer . "
Though the Sabres did not have a stellar regular season and finished with the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference , they defeated the Ottawa Senators , Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs in the playoffs en route to a best @-@ of @-@ seven Stanley Cup Final against the Presidents ' Trophy @-@ winning Dallas Stars .
Hašek occasionally dropped his stick and covered the puck with his stick hand , whereas most goaltenders would use the glove hand instead .
The fashion style in the visual was hailed as " a kaleidoscopic streetwear explosion " , and the music video itself " a fashion whirlwind ... jam @-@ packed with rad clothes " .
On September 8 Ethan Allen and Major John Brown went into the countryside between Saint @-@ Jean and Montreal with a small detachment of Americans to circulate this proclamation , meeting with James Livingston , a Patriot sympathizer at Chambly as well as with the local Caughnawaga Mohawk .
With James Graham , 1st Marquess of Montrose , he marched against the Catholic James Gordon , 2nd Viscount Aboyne , Earl of Huntly , and defeated an attempt by the Royalists to seize Stonehaven .
The king 's papers were first removed from the castle by Anne Lindsay , a kinswoman of Elizabeth Douglas , who walked through the besieging force with the papers sewn into her clothes .
Pellew responded by advancing up the river and exchanging fire with a Dutch gun battery on Madura Island , at which point the governor in Surabaya overruled Captain Cowell , released the seized boat party and agreed to surrender the ships at anchor in Gresik harbour .
The legacy of Leigh 's industrial past can be seen in the remaining red brick mills – some of which are listed buildings – although it is now a mainly residential town , with Edwardian and Victorian terraced housing packed around the town centre .
The homecoming parade occurred on Sunday , September 19 and drew a huge crowd with thousands of people , including politicians , celebrities and the national press .
 In Episode 6 of the 2007 PBS documentary " The War : A Ken Burns Film " showed footage of a backpack with the name J Basilone stenciled on it .
It falls as showers with rapidly changing intensity .
The party later returned to Pahang with a rich hoard of game , fur and sandalwood , which impressed their neighbours .
The lowlands provide the district with suitable areas for plantations such as paddy , palm oil trees , and rubber trees .
 The fruit is a dehiscent , ellipsoid capsule with two locules each containing two seeds .
Commelina communis had sequestered some 361 mg / kg of copper , while the plant with the next highest concentration , Polygonum macrathum , had 286 mg / kg .
Nine of the 12 insects associated with the plant are beetles , seven of which are in the genus Lema , while the other two are in the families Hispidae and Pentatomidae .
I. eriophorus was a plant with more scattered leaves that were 12 – 14 cm ( 4 3 ⁄ 4 – 5 1 ⁄ 2 in ) long .
The Cornhuskers boasted a string of 28 seasons with nine or more victories , received 28 straight bowl bids , spent 256 consecutive weeks ranked in the AP poll , and had recorded 214 straight sellouts in their 75 @,@ 000 @-@ capacity home stadium .
Using parodies of corporate logos and slogans , the group sought to publicly embarrass the companies into changing their corporate policies in dealing with their poultry suppliers .
Trans @-@ Pacific Foods administered the chain 's 81 locations until September 2003 when the new management team of Burger King Corporation reached an agreement with Hungry Jack 's Pty Ltd to re @-@ brand the existing Burger King locations to Hungry Jack 's and make HJP the sole master franchisee of both brands .
After Dylan was injured in a motorcycle accident in July 1966 , four members of the Hawks gravitated to the vicinity of Dylan 's home in the Woodstock area to collaborate with him on music and film projects .
Danko and Manuel had been invited to Woodstock to collaborate with Dylan on a film he was editing , Eat the Document , a rarely seen account of Dylan 's 1966 world tour .
In his autobiography , Helm recalled how he listened to the recordings the Hawks had made with Dylan , and remembered that he " could tell that hanging out with the boys had helped Bob to find a connection with things we were interested in : blues , rockabilly , R & B.
Those that are found at these altitudes are always associated with Eucalyptus rubida , and colonies situated in eastern New South Wales tend to nest near E. melliodora and E. blakelyi .
On the surface on the nest , workers clear the area of vegetation and cover the mound with gravel , but may use other materials that are available , including sand , pebbles dead vegetation , eucalyptus fruits and twig fragments .
To combat this , the company launched a new initiative with a plan to revamp its packaging , decor and uniforms , as well as expanding its menu .
In the early twentieth century , Chamberlin was among a quartet of popular Mormon professors at Brigham Young University whose teaching of evolution and biblical criticism resulted in a 1911 controversy among University and Church officials , eventually resulting in the resignation of him and two other professors despite widespread support from the student body , an event described as Mormonism 's " first brush with modernism " .
 Maestoso : a gray stallion from the Kladrub stud with a Spanish dam , foaled 1773 , descendants today all trace via Maestoso X , foaled in Hungary in 1819 .
Brett Berliner of Stylus Magazine described the song 's beat as " extremely mafioso , sounding straight out of Goodfellas , with strings and crescendos " , while he cited the song as " one of the best posse tracks of all time . "
 Tom wants to go bar @-@ hopping with Mark , who leaves even though he is enjoying hanging out with Leslie and Ann .
As a result , McCarthy @-@ Miller added an elderly woman with sunflower seeds into the episode 's barber scenes .
 Croatia 's 348 @-@ kilometre ( 216 mi ) border with Hungary was inherited from Yugoslavia .
Much of the border with Hungary follows the Drava River or its former river bed ; that part of the border dates from the Middle Ages .
These were eventually settled with an agreement to accept the decision of an international arbitration commission set up via the UN , enabling Croatia to progress towards EU membership .
The population was spread out with 28 @.
Human soldier Lorna Bucket ( Christina Chong ) , who met the Doctor as a young girl in the Gamma forests , attempts to befriend Amy , giving her a good luck token made of cloth sewn with Melody 's name on it in the language of the Gamma forests .
It has an affinity for mowed lawns with shrubs within proximity for shade and nesting .
In those cases , the mated female is constantly seen flying over both the original and the new male ’ s territory , evaluating the qualities of both territories and exchanging calls with both males .
Knowing that Thunderbirds would be the " biggest project [ APF ] had worked on " , Meddings found himself struggling to manage his workload with the single filming unit that had produced all the effects for Stingray .
Morag Reavley of BBC Online argues that the piece is " up there ... in the quintessential soundtrack of the Sixties " with the James Bond films and the songs of Frank Sinatra , Elvis and The Beatles .
Bignell comments that the Hood 's Oriental appearance and mysterious powers draw parallels with James Bond villains and fears of China operating as " a ' third force ' antagonistic to the West " .
In one past operation , Adam worked a case in Damascus to recruit Syrian intelligence officer Farook Sukkarieh as a double agent to work with the Israelis and stop a string of suicide attacks .
 Now rarely found in France , the world 's largest area planted with this variety is in Chile in South America , with more than 8 @,@ 800 hectares ( 2009 ) cultivated in the Central Valley .
Therefore , the wine " cannot be cultivated with its original name or specific vintage and the name cannot be used to identify the wine on the label with an IGT , DOC or a DOCG status assignment . "
Michael Tedder Vulture awarded the episode four stars out of five and wrote that " part of the charm of this episode was that the writers didn 't try to stuff it with too much plot " .
It features characters files , an interview with Hideaki Sorachi and original character stickers .
Finally , every vehicle was tested on a 100 @-@ to @-@ 200 km ( 62 @-@ to @-@ 124 mi ) -long test run on different roads and with various loads .
After the match , Morrison shook hands with Van Dam and led the crowd in an " RVD " chant .
In its brush with the Mid @-@ Atlantic States , Gordon dropped 2 – 5 in ( 5 – 13 cm ) with a maximum of 5 @.
In the hours that preceded the landing , twelve Boeing B @-@ 17 and six Vickers Wellington equipped with radar jamming devices flew back and forth along the coast in the Siracusa @-@ Licata sector ; between 21 : 00 and 21 : 30 , 55 Wellingtons of 205th Group carried out a diversionary bombing of the port and airport of Syracuse , causing a number of civilian and military casualties , including the commander of the Italian naval base , Commander Giuseppe Giannotti .
Stephen Garrett , the director of Kudos Film and Television , the producer of Spooks agreed , further stating that the episode " deals with very real stuff that 's happening in the world .
She was fitted with electrical pumps that had a capacity of 2 @,@ 000 t ( 2 @,@ 000 long tons ) of water per hour .
 Later many other Sicilian towns and cities which had been either little damaged or completely untouched by the quake , such as Palermo , were also transformed by the Baroque style , as the fashion spread and aristocrats with a palazzo in Catania came to wish their palazzo in the capital to be as opulent as that in the second city .
The move provided the Croatian forces with a sizable stock of weapons — including 250 tanks , hundreds of artillery pieces and a large supply of small arms and ammunition — which proved crucial in defending against JNA advances in the early stage of the Croatian War of Independence .
Turnbull commented on the adventure 's difficulty , noting that the dungeon is " sprinkled extensively with subtle , insidious and carefully laid traps , and it will be a fortunate adventurer who manages to avoid them " .
 Field observations suggest that the mushroom associates mycorrhizally with the plant Castanopsis fissa , a deciduous tree found only in the southern provinces of China , such as Guangdong , Yunnan and Hunan .
In October 1879 a disaster was narrowly avoided when a seven @-@ coach passenger train with 800 people on board approached the open swing bridge too fast and was barely able to stop in time , ending up with its front wheels hanging off the approach road over the river .
Levin was twice assaulted on air , once by the husband of an actress whose show Levin had reviewed severely , and once by a woman astrologer who squirted him with water .
They have included ideas such as filling the wreck with ping @-@ pong balls , injecting it with 180 @,@ 000 tons of Vaseline , or using half a million tons of liquid nitrogen to turn it into a giant iceberg that would float back to the surface .
From 11 to 17 May , she stopped in Puerto San José , Guatemala , where she met a British cruiser ; the two ships were sent there to settle financial disputes with the Guatemalan government .
 Before beginning work on ATLiens , André 3000 purchased an SP1200 drum machine , an MPC3000 sampler , a TASCAM mixing board , and turntables with stacks of classic records .
His body was covered , with long stockings over his legs and kidskin gloves on his hands .
 It was the grandest sight I ever experienced , to look out of the lighthouse on a very stormy day , and see oneself hanging , as it were , over the ocean , surrounded on three sides by a fearful chasm in which the air was so thickly crowded with birds as to produce the appearance of a heavy snowstorm , whilst the cries of these myriads , mingled with the roar of the ocean and the howling of the tremendous gusts of wind coming up from below as if forced through a blast pipe , made it almost impossible to hear a person speak .
In the 18th century the population was over fifty , with settlement concentrated around the north east coast .
Upon learning that a rival agent , Krilencu , has recently returned and suspecting he was behind the attack on his life , Kerim Bey declares it unwise to stay in the city and takes Bond with him to a rural gypsy settlement .
Piling works In Louvre were to be completed by August 2010 , with the piling and enabling works package awarded to the German specialized company ( Bauer International FZE ) .
One of the natives brings a big stick which he lays across the belly of the bird , who seizes it with beak and claws ; but while he is occupied in biting it , the native ties him so adroitly to the stick that he can do with him anything he wishes ...
Kaalaan is a popular dish prepared by simmering deep fried mushrooms ( usually chopped mushroom ) in a spicy broth , until it reaches a porridge like consistency and served sprinkled with chopped onions and coriander leaves .
There is a sewage treatment plant at Ukkadam with the capacity to process 70 million litres of sewage water per day .
His name reflects his complex heritage : Ioan was chosen as his Romanian name ; his second name was the Hungarian Gyurika , but it was recorded as Ghiurico in his birth certificate and personal documents ever since — as Pascu later indicated , this was because neither his father nor the notary were familiar with Hungarian phonology .
A livid Hank pulls strings with a senior police officer to get her out of being charged .
Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel , the Italian naval chief of staff , believed that Austro @-@ Hungarian submarines could operate too effectively in the narrow waters of the Adriatic , which could also be easily seeded with minefields .
Experiments with comprehensive schools spread from Anglesey to the Midlands and Yorkshire .
Over time , its influence spread into and blended with styles including ambient and rock , all of which now fall under the post @-@ industrial music label .
Lopez also gave Iridion low marks , warning that " after the initial ' wow ' wears off , you 'll be stuck with an empty experience . "
The Plaza was levelled by packing it with a clay @-@ based mud , work that took place in the Late Classic Period based on the evidence of ceramic and flint artefacts recovered during investigations .
@ 6 ft ) thick , filled with rubble and mortar .
 Excavations in 2008 revealed that one of these mounds was a temple pyramid with a well @-@ preserved central stairway .
Peggle Extreme was eventually made free to download for anyone with a Steam account .
As he extracts an insect from one of the pustules , it erupts , spraying him with fluid .
 Although it has a Sandbach postcode , coarse fishing is available in the southeast of Bradwall Civil Parish at Field Farm Fisheries with five pools stocked with barbel , bream , carp , chub , crucian , rudd , roach and tench .
Also , King Jeff upgrades the heroes with new armor and jet packs that allow them to fly .
They are nearly arrested but Myron bluffs the police into backing off by threatening them with a package ( which he claims is a mail bomb , unaware that it really is one ) .
 In a post @-@ credits scene , Howard puts the star on the top of his tree and shares a great Christmas spirit with Jamie and Liz until he realizes he also forgot to get a present for Liz .
The players begin with two piles of a and b stones .
She met her lifelong friend Rosa Guy and renewed her friendship with James Baldwin , whom she had met in Paris in the 1950s and called " my brother " , during this time .
Angelou wrote five collections of essays , which writer Hilton Als called her " wisdom books " and " homilies strung together with autobiographical texts " .
The wave was not well @-@ organized with only scattered thunderstorm activity and large area of low pressure .
A US version was also released , although with fewer tracks and different packaging artwork .
The fish are injected with LH @-@ RH hormone to stimulate spawning .
 The driver , disguising himself with a rubber mask from his stuntman job , follows Nino from the pizzeria to the Pacific Coast Highway and T @-@ bones Nino 's car onto a beach , then chases him from the wreck to the ocean and drowns him .
 The instrumentation of the recordings was primarily acoustic guitar , occasionally accompanied by brief electric guitar riffs or a small drum set played with brushes .
According to Evans ' description , this Mari Lwyd consisted of a sheet that had been sewn together along two adjacent sides to make a cone , which was then stuffed with hay and decorated with buttons for eyes and harvest gloves for ears , thus resembling an animal 's snout .
A similar custom appears in an account from 1897 , in which an entity known as the Bwca Llwyd ( " Grey Bogy " ) was described ; it involved an imitation horse 's head being made from canvas and stuffed with hay , being carried about using a hay fork on All Hallow 's Eve .
 Permanent seed implantation is suitable for patients with a localised tumour and good prognosis and has been shown to be a highly effective treatment to prevent the cancer from returning .
 In contrast , afterloading involves the accurate positioning of non @-@ radioactive applicators in the treatment site , which are subsequently loaded with the radiation sources .
Gold seeds filled with radon were used as early as 1942 until at least 1958 .
Strings introduce the song with a series of repeated arpeggiated notes , which continue as Yorke 's singing begins .
Towards the end of 1963 , Nao received news that the Card had arrived in Saigon with another load of armoured personnel carriers , artillery and aircraft .
In 2013 , she said that , while she has left much aggression and profanity behind since leaving the sex industry , some of the issues that she developed will stick with her until the end of her life .
 Based on morphological features , the Alexandrine parakeet has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands , with new populations settling during the species 's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia .
The grey parrots are especially tame and if one is caught and made to cry out , soon hundreds of the birds fly around ones ’ ears , which were then hit to the ground with little sticks .
In 1966 Le Mesurier also played the role of Colonel Maynard in the ITV sitcom George and the Dragon , with Sid James and Peggy Mount .
The boats were supposed to be stocked with emergency supplies , but Titanic 's passengers later found that they had only been partially provisioned despite the efforts of the ship 's chief baker , Charles Joughin and his staff to do so .
Principal photography began in July 2013 at Shepperton Studios , England , with filming continuing in London before wrapping up in October 2013 .
The website 's consensus reads , " Guardians of the Galaxy is just as irreverent as fans of the frequently zany Marvel comic would expect — as well as funny , thrilling , full of heart , and packed with visual splendor . "
Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times said , " Guardians of the Galaxy is a late summer treat — a mostly lighthearted and self @-@ referential comic @-@ book movie with loads of whiz @-@ bang action , some laugh @-@ out @-@ loud moments and a couple of surprisingly beautiful and touching scenes as well , " calling it " a refreshing confection of entertainment . "
Lisa appeals to them that it is just the same doll with a " stupid , cheap " hat , but they all prefer to stick with Malibu Stacy , largely due to the encouragement of Smithers , except for one little girl , who leaves with a Lisa Lionheart doll .
He had a detailed understanding of his various estates and businesses ; he attempted to keep up with affairs in Glamorgan , for example , by reading the local Welsh newspapers from his house in Scotland and through exchanging letters with influential local figures .
Bute replied by trying to crush the Wood family 's bank and stacking the town council with his appointees in early 1818 .
He married while visiting relatives in Hainan and after his wife settled down with him in Singapore , she suggested cutting each slice of bread into half and combining the toast with her homemade kaya , which created their signature kaya toast .
Prior to giving the exam , the detectives loaded papers with the words " True " and " False " into the machine , so when the final copies came out it appeared the machine was giving answers to the questions .
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone described the film as " too long , lazily constructed , and crammed with too many characters and subplots for any director to develop fully outside of an HBO miniseries . "
By the 11th century , Nahuatl speakers were dominant in the Valley of Mexico and far beyond , with settlements including Azcapotzalco , Colhuacan and Cholula rising to prominence .
Hearing such glorious sounds I found it difficult to connect them with ninety men and women blowing into brass and wooden instruments or scraping away at strings with horsehair bows .
 Merryman had a relationship with stock car racing driver Jeff Gordon .
Madonna then appeared on the stage and started performing the song while interchanging places with the hologram figures of the band .
 Peng 's impression of the Kuomintang in 1922 was not favorable , and he left Guangzhou with the intention of settling back in Hunan as a farmer .
 In January 1967 Peng was taken to his first " struggle session " , in which he was paraded in chains before several thousand jeering Red Guards , wearing a large paper dunce cap and with a wooden board hung from his neck , on which his " crimes " were written .
Cactus " is narrated by a prison inmate who requests his girlfriend smear her dress with blood and mail it to him . "
According to Larbalestier , Black Francis came up with the idea for the cover as he wrote songs in his father 's " topless Spanish bar " ; Larbalestier added the crucifix and torn poster , and they " sort of loaded that with all the Catholicism . "
This was controversial and many councilors voted for the original decentralized plan , with the venues spread out through the municipality .
Helen McCarthy in 500 Essential Anime Movies praised the animation techniques of Miyazaki , stating that " the real strength of this film is the script , packed with incident , excitement and passion , and the soundtrack " of Joe Hisaishi .
Melt yellow wax and let it stand until clear , then add powdered charcoal and make it into a paste permeating the ball ; bind it up with hempen string .
Inside the cylinder there is a ( piston- ) rod packed with silk floss , the head of which is wound round with hemp waste about ½ inches thick .
The visitors scored early on , but Small Heath 's shoot @-@ on @-@ sight policy produced goals for Hands , after a clash with Mobley left Preston goalkeeper James Trainer on the floor , and for Wheldon , before Edward Brueton , deputising in goal for the injured Partridge , let in a soft goal just before half @-@ time .
On a slippery pitch " thickly strewn with chaff and hayseeds " , Small Heath fell a goal behind in a first half dominated by the defences of both teams .
Badu raps in the song 's verse , " Children of the matrix be hittin ’ them car switches / Seen some virgin Virgos hanging out with Venus bitches " , followed by her singing , " They don ’ t know their language , they don ’ t know their God " .
 " Master Teacher " was conceived by Georgia Anne Muldrow on her Rhodes piano at Sa @-@ Ra 's Cosmic Dust Studio with Badu present and was originally intended for one of their albums .
Dust from large deserts can be moved great distances from its source region by the prevailing winds ; winds that are accelerated by rough topography and associated with dust outbreaks have been assigned regional names in various parts of the world because of their significant effects on those regions .
 There are local names for winds associated with sand and dust storms .
Barrington 's comedy , Bartonmere Towers , was also produced at a matinee at the Savoy in 1893 , with Barrington playing Sir James Hanbury .
The MTV review goes on saying , " most of the video takes place in the bowling alley , there are also scenes of Bieber in other settings , hanging out with Luda , doing the moonwalk , messing with his hair and mugging for the camera .
The route leaves Muncy a short distance later , interchanging with I @-@ 180 Exit 13 .
As the aircraft could be profitable with a load factor as low as 43 percent , commercial success was expected .
Points of acclaim went to the humor of the episode , to which Moore opined that it " was packed with a lot of funny lines , a lot of ridiculous Stan antics [ ... ] , and a pretty funny arc involving Roger and his girlfriend " .
The freeway crosses Jefferson Boulevard and Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor railroad on twin @-@ span bridges and passes to the north of the Lincoln Park Cemetery before interchanging with US 1 at exits 5A @-@ B.
He taps his helmet twice with his stick at the end of the national anthems before each game as a quiet tribute to his sister , whose death had a lasting impact on Giordano and his family and brought them closer together .
In the north , the attempts of the Hamdanid administrators to keep the bedouin from interfering with the more settled Arab communities resulted in regular outbreaks of rebellion between 950 and 954 , which had to be suppressed by Sayf al @-@ Dawla 's army .
HMS Mars was also close by , with the rest of the squadron spread out in the rear .
In response to Manchester City 's relationship with the Manchester Evening Chronicle , the Heathens ' believed that their partnership with the Evening News would cultivate interest in the club , while the newspaper would benefit from increased coverage of football .
MTV highlighted the full verse , which goes ; " but this pimp is at the top of Mount Olympus / Ready for the world 's games / This is my Olympics / We make ' em say ' ho ' cause the game is so pimpish / Choke a ' South Park ' writer with a fish stick . "
The song plays during the scene where Selita Ebanks ' character inspects around the garden , interacting with the animals and plants , while Kanye watches her from inside .
These were fitted with wooden handles and dipped in rubber solution to make them sticky .
MIR ( c ) was now charged with the development of the Sticky Bomb .
The inside of the case was fitted with a number of rubber spikes that kept it clear of the glued surface of the grenade .
In 1920 , when Franklin Roosevelt was running for Vice President on a ticket with James M. Cox against Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge , LeHand 's work on the campaign and her clear personal devotion to FDR caught the eye of the Roosevelts .
She lost the match with James , but won the other with Hardy .
During her Playboy cover unveiling , Maria 's cover was plastered over with images of Marella .
She made her in @-@ ring return the following week , teaming up with James to defeat LayCool .
Later on in the day , the office employees discover the trunk of Luke 's car is filled with packages from the office that he neglected to send ( along with Michael 's rejected pants from Talbot 's ) .
Though most insects fold their wings when at rest , dragonflies and some damselflies rest with their wings spread out horizontally , while groups such as the caddisflies , stoneflies , alderflies , and lacewings hold their wings sloped roof @-@ like over their backs .
Almost all Anisoptera settle with the wings held out sideways or slightly downward , however most Zygoptera settle with the wings held together , dorsal surfaces apposed .
With the spreading service of railroads , several small stockyards were created in and around the City of Chicago .
When the City permanently reversed the flow of the Chicago River in 1900 , the intent was to prevent the Stock Yards ' waste products , along with other sewage , from flowing into Lake Michigan and contaminating the City 's drinking water .
The Wolverines drove to the Appalachian five @-@ yard line , ultimately settling for a field goal with 23 seconds left , cutting Appalachian State 's lead to eleven points .
Near the center of the reforestation area , the highway intersected with Skinner Settlement Road ( CR 85 ) .
The iron @-@ rich water was used in " a primitive little spa " for about 100 years , and the associated Pump Room and gardens were popular with visitors long after that .
Extensions included a colonnade of balconies ( later enclosed ) by the Clayton & Black firm in 1906 and a Vernacular @-@ style recessed wing of two storeys in 1927 – 28 , partly tile @-@ hung and with timber decoration to the gables .
 The FTC complaint was scheduled to be tried in United States District Court in January 2008 , but before trial , the defendants chose to settle out of court with both the FTC .
 Movieland settled with the FTC in September 2007 .
 Movieland settled with Washington in April 2007 under terms similar to the FTC settlement but specific to Washington consumers , agreeing to pay Washington $ 50 @,@ 000 as consumer reimbursement and to prominently state all important contract terms , including the cost of the subscription service , in advertisements .
Nashville chose to stick with the Sounds moniker , but elected to embrace a new color scheme that originally included Broadway Burnt Orange , Sunburst Tan , Neon Orange , and Cash Black .
Late that year , she started a relationship with photographer James Lowe .
In a review for the ' Neon Lights Tour , ' Mike Wass from Idolator commented " you don 't need shiny distractions when you can belt out songs like Demi and connect with the crowd on such an emotional level . "
It is served on scones — or the more traditional " splits " in Cornwall — with strawberry or raspberry jam , along with a pot of tea .
Traditionally , there are differences in the way it is eaten in each county : in Devon , the cream is traditionally spread first on the scone , with the jam dolloped on top .
In Cornwall the jam is spread first with a dollop of cream .
In search of employment , Andros offered his services as a spy , offering the idea of going to Paris , ostensibly to meet with the exiled James , but to actually attempt to acquire French military plans .
 Nine years after the fateful heist , Trevor finds out that Michael faked his death , and is so spooked and enraged that he breaks the truce and kills most of his competition in one burst of violence , a deadly streak that continues when a potential game @-@ changing deal with the Triads falls through .
If the first option is chosen , Franklin meets up with Trevor , before chasing him with Michael to an oil plant .
 Chat Moss threatened the completion of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway , until George Stephenson , with advice from East Anglian marshland specialist Robert Stannard , succeeded in constructing a railway line through it in 1829 ; his solution was to " float " the line on a bed of bound heather and branches topped with tar and covered with rubble stone .
It was responsible for the defence of the border with Hungary from Slatina to the Tisza river .
 The 2nd Army Group faced the Hungarian 3rd Army across the border , and during the first few days after the commencement of the invasion , there were exchanges of fire with Hungarian border guards , but the Yugoslavs faced no direct attacks along the 2nd Army Group sector .
The battalion 's aircraft consisted of five Italian @-@ made Savoia @-@ Marchetti SM.75 transport aircraft formerly belonging to the civilian airline MALERT , but pressed into service with the Royal Hungarian Air Force ( Hungarian : Magyar Királyi Honvéd Légierő , MKHL ) at the start of the European war .
Club gave the episode a " B " , feeling that the episode had enough " fun and funny moments " to indicate that the series could " settle into a groove with time " , but also that there were cautious and predictable moments , and that even at its best , the episode feels like " the product of several hundred cooks . "
Parry 's monument is a marble column topped by a lyre with seven strings , with the strings representing the members of Parry 's family .
This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna .
Before the conversion to Academy status , the school uniform consisted of a navy @-@ blue blazer with the school emblem sewn on , a white shirt , navy @-@ blue tie and dark @-@ grey trousers ( girls could wear plain @-@ blue skirts ) for all pupils in years 7 – 10 ; year 11 pupils could wear a dark @-@ blue jumper , shirt and grey trousers .
Meanwhile , Joker injects Ivy with Titan , enhancing her powers .
Ivy begins ravaging Arkham Island with giant mutant plants .
The Light Blues made the quicker start , with stroke William James Fernie taking his crew off at 41 strokes per minute .
 The scoring provides a rich orchestration , the sparkle of the morning star is illustrated by two solo violins , first in the first chorus , and reappearing with the other strings in the second aria .
 The two solo violins return from the first movement , accompanying with the other strings the tenor in the second aria , an expression of thanks and praise , " Unser Mund und Ton der Saiten " ( Our mouths and the tones of strings ) .
The invasion had created an Anglo @-@ Norman elite , many with estates spread across both sides of the English Channel .
When the song shifts to the bridge , Gaga once again is handed her disco stick and performs the bridge with it .
Miami Heat owner Micky Arison , one of the owners willing to settle with players , responded to a fan complaining about greedy owners and players on Twitter , saying that " You are barking at the wrong owner . "
 Spruyt married in Bloemfontein on 31 December 1856 with Elizabeth Emma Hanger ( 1826 – 1918 ) , originating from Peddie in the Cape Colony .
The song blends dance @-@ rock guitars and symphonic strings and closes with an orchestral overtone .
 Despite his involvement in western real estate schemes , Mason saw that land was being cleared and planted with tobacco faster than the market for it could expand , meaning that its price would drop even as more and more capital was tied up in land and slaves .
In the final round of that event , and in a show of dominance as he closed in on his second Ski Jumping World Cup title , Nykänen wowed the crowd with a jump of 191 m ( 627 ft ) to punctuate his title win and effectively bring the Planica – Oberstdorf rivalry to a close .
The battlecruiser behind her , HMS Tiger , was showered with debris from the explosion and forced to steer to port to avoid her remains .
The Church of Scientology and Mary Sue Hubbard sued for the return of the documents while settling out of court with Garrison , requiring him to turn over the nearly completed manuscript of the biography .
Cleonike Damianakes illustrated the dust jacket with a Hellenistic design of a seated , robed woman , her head bent to her shoulder , eyes closed , one hand holding an apple , her shoulders and a thigh exposed .
In Paris Hemingway had been experimenting with the prosody of the King James Bible , reading aloud with his friend John Dos Passos .
An international CD maxi version was also released but under the title " F * * k Them All " to avoid censorship , with a sticker " Parental advisory – Explicit content " attached .
In 1990 , he met with James Jones ' widow Gloria and his daughter Kaylie about adapting The Thin Red Line into a film .
She speculated that " Leland / Bob may have raped the dead or dying Maddie " , comparing this to the " necrophilic fantasies " that Laura Palmer 's corpse evokes , and Ben Horne 's unwitting brush with incest when he encounters his daughter Audrey at a brothel .
Use of the Norwegian cyclone model for frontal analysis began in the late 1910s across Europe , with its use finally spreading to the United States during World War II .
There is normally a broad temperature gradient behind the boundary with more widely spaced isotherm packing .
 Palmyra 's paganism was replaced with Christianity as the religion spread across the Roman Empire , and a bishop was reported in the city by 325 .
The countryside was intensively planted with olive , fig , pistachio and barley .
He called " Ellie Kemper with a smudge of dirt " on her face " totes [ sic ] adorbs . "
 Basingstoke was fortunate during the Second World War to suffer very little bomb damage with mainly a stick of German bombs falling along Flaxfield Road near to St Michael 's Church .
He did this despite struggling in the second half of the season with plantar fasciitis and a problematic abdominal muscle .
Eckart became Hitler 's mentor , exchanging ideas with him and introducing him to a wide range of Munich society .
His father had spent part of his childhood in Australia and returned with his family to settle in Balmain , a suburb of Sydney , in 1913 .
This innings saw Jackson hailed as a national hero and he was showered with tributes including a public meeting called in his honour by the Mayor of Balmain .
In the last , she settled to the bottom with her gun deck awash and several crew members drowned .
 " Factorization of scattering matrices with applications to passive network synthesis " , Philips Research Reports , vol.18 , pp.
In Westfield , Knox loaded one of the big guns with powder and fired it , to the applause of the assembled crowd .
It was given a Mega Evolution about one and a half years into the development of Pokémon X and Y. Charmander ( along with Bulbasaur and Squirtle ) was added to the game in a significant role in order to allow players to experience Charizard 's Mega Evolution .
In 2004 , the " Charizard Medium Plush " was part of a major recall of 13 plush toys due to a manufacturing fault where tips of needles were being found with the stuffing .
It was produced by John Snyder , who had worked with James on five of her previous studio albums .
With the second string in the game , the final points were scored by Kenyan Drake on a three @-@ yard run that made the final score 42 – 10 .
The Cavaliers were eliminated from the playoffs by the Celtics with a Game 6 defeat despite James recording 27 points , 19 rebounds and 10 assists .
Late in Game 4 of the series , James hit a three @-@ pointer to give the Heat a lead , helping them win the game despite missing time with leg cramps .
Paired with teammates Shane Battier and Dwyane Wade , Miami used James in an ultra @-@ aggressive defensive scheme , with James cheating off the ball to help out inside or get into rebounding position .
 MGM hit on a winning formula when it paired Garland with Mickey Rooney in a string of what were known as " backyard musicals " .
 In 1961 , Garland and CBS settled their contract disputes with the help of her new agent , Freddie Fields , and negotiated a new round of specials .
It turns out that she hates soldiers , and she strikes out with her stick , making him duck and dodge .
Many of the town 's typical yellow @-@ plastered houses with red roofs which grew up along Sankt Laurentii Vej from 1890 to 1930 were designed by Ulrik Plesner .
 Philip Matusavage of musicOMH noted that though " Drunk in Love " does not have a chorus , it absolutely manages to be " thrilling " , further writing that it is " packed with ideas and touches " which listeners would understand after repeated listens .
He executed some delayed steals by taking off with the toss back to the mound " when neither infielder is covering second and the catcher is nonchalant with the ball after receiving the pitch " .
The team was officially formed in preparation for the 1943 season and Miller 's selection let to the first of many brushes with death : in April , while away with the team , some of his comrades were killed in a German air strike .
On another occasion , Miller avoided colliding with a hangar by centimetres .
He woke up with a hangover the next day just minutes before the start of play .
When Weekes arrived at the crease , Miller unsettled him with delaying tactics , and he was out for one .
To avoid destroying the pavement on the city streets of St. Petersburg , the steel off @-@ road tracks of the T @-@ 54 / 55 were replaced with the rubber @-@ shoed tracks from a British Chieftain tank .
In the third , 86 @-@ second clip , the staff realize they are stuck with Dwight as their boss as Phylis attempts to remember a movie .
The case dealt with a stock dividend on stock that was essentially equivalent to a stock split , as opposed to a cash dividend on stock .
The effigy was decorated with the royal symbols , including : " a rich Suit of uncut Velvet ... laced with a rich gold lace , and furr 'd with [ sic ] Ermins ; upon the Kirtle is the Royal large Robe of the like Purple Velvet laced , and fur 'd with Ermins , with rich strings , and tassels of gold ... upon his head , the Cap of Regality of Purple Velvet , furr 'd with Ermins ... upon the Cushion of the Chair stands the Imperial Crown set with stones . "
The accompanying music video for " Loca " , directed by Jaume de Laiguana , was filmed in Barcelona , Spain , and features Shakira interacting with a beach crowd , and dancing in front of the sea wearing a golden bikini .
The upper floors had seventy individual bedrooms for the men , with bathrooms with showers and tubs on every floor .
Milk bottles were reused after several cleanings with rotating wire brushes and two hours of heat sterilization .
He plans to use the alien ship 's tractor beam to suck up cars that are loaded with barrels of nuclear waste .
 Tropical Depression Five @-@ E formed out of a weak tropical wave , associated with scattered convection , which formed off the coast of Africa on June 23 .
He once toured the country in a colorful Lincoln limo , with his extended moniker painted along the side panels in translucent paint , changing colors as it moved with the reflections from the sun : " Minnesota Fats , King of Pool " .
They are found on all continents , except Antarctica , and inhabit all terrestrial habitats ranging from desert to rainforest , from lowland grasslands to montane plateaus , but almost always associated with higher plants , especially angiosperms ( flowering plants ) .
, with the wings wrapped around , adjacent to the antennae .
They are integral participants in the food chain ; having co @-@ evolved with flowering plants and predators , lepidopteran species have formed a network of trophic relationships between autotrophs and heterotrophs , which are included in the stages of Lepidoptera larvae , pupae , and adults .
Or the groupie girls that are around , paying attention to the guys on TV that only hang out with them for those reasons . "
Riders experience several steep drops followed by magnet @-@ powered inclines , ending with a splashdown in a small pool .
Wellington had been appointed the British Ambassador to the Court of the Tuileries , and the city was crowded with English visitors anxious to travel on the continent and socialise after the Napoleonic Wars .
The present Duke is overloaded with debt , is very little better than a common swindler " .
A notable difference between the two was that while the kinkajou focused on plants with a wide distribution , the bare @-@ tailed woolly opossum also fed on less common plants .
It consists of two pancakes of kibbeh stuffed with ground lamb , cooked with lamb fat and various spices .
Batata mahshi ( " stuffed potatoes " ) is native dish in Homs and is made of baby potatoes stuffed with minced lamb , pine nuts and pomegranate molasses .
Coconut is the most cultivated crop with a total planted area of 58 @,@ 270 @.
San Agustin has the most extensive area with coconut plants followed by Romblon and Cajidiocan .
Odiongan , Banton and Magdiwang have the greatest areas planted with root crops and correspondingly , have the highest volume of production .
And Danny DeVito 's mutant Penguin — a balloon @-@ bellied Richard III with a kingdom of sewer freaks — is as hilariously warped as Jack Nicholson 's Joker and even quicker with the quips . "
The hymn is treated as in a chorale fantasia , with string ritornellos between the verses .
 While he was playing with Jimmy James and the Blue Flames , Keith recommended Hendrix to Stones manager Andrew Loog Oldham and producer Seymour Stein .
During the album 's production , Hendrix appeared at an impromptu jam with B.B.
 Hendrix had been recording with Cox since April and jamming with Miles since September , and the trio wrote and rehearsed material which they performed at a series of four shows over two nights on December 31 and January 1 , at the Fillmore East .
 Hendrix first used Electric Lady on June 15 , 1970 , when he jammed with Steve Winwood and Chris Wood of Traffic ; the next day , he recorded his first track there , " Night Bird Flying " .
He rejected the standard barre chord fretting technique used by most guitarists in favor of fretting the low 6th string root notes with his thumb .
Another writer says that " Robert Hume 's efforts to restock the Rogue with hatchery fish were an early glimmer in the dawning of a new era on the river and in the nation at large " even though " his motives may have been suspect , and the practice a less @-@ than @-@ perfect solution " .
Management was provided by Tony Davis and Courtney Benson , with legality handled by Todd Rubenstein .
Half way through the song , Moon smashed the drum microphone with his stick – " You can actually hear him screaming as he does it " , Beck remembered , " so all you can hear from then on is cymbals ! "
 On July 14 , 1931 , Flournoy was an incorporator of the New Homes Corporation of Charleston , a building and construction firm , which was headquartered in the Davidson Building and was chartered with a capital stock value of $ 50 @,@ 000 .
The majority of the defenders were Croatian , with a significant Hungarian contingent represented in both the men @-@ at @-@ arms and the leadership .
 When the Sultan appeared before the Fortress he saw the walls hung with red cloth , as though for a festive reception , and a single great cannon thundered once to greet the mighty warrior monarch .
As the Turks were pressing forwards along a narrow bridge the defenders suddenly flung open the gate and fired a large mortar loaded with broken iron , killing 600 attackers .
 DVD – DVD keep case packed with the DVD and the live CD
The literary critic A. N. Wilson praised the Harry Potter series in The Times , stating : " There are not many writers who have JK 's Dickensian ability to make us turn the pages , to weep – openly , with tears splashing – and a few pages later to laugh , at invariably good jokes ... We have lived through a decade in which we have followed the publication of the liveliest , funniest , scariest and most moving children 's stories ever written " .
He then reloaded his gun with live rounds , but apparently forgot this and fired one of them .
Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil / coal burning .
The Hebe had just finished removing stores from the naval depot at Mombasa and was loaded with weapons and explosives .
She also delivered a TKO and pinned Luna to finish the match , with the crowd chanting Sable 's name in the background .
 Both crews were on the river before 3pm in boats constructed by Searle and Sons , described as " masterpieces of art " , complete with splashboards to reduce the amount of water taken on board .
FitzOsbern was made the Earl of Hereford and tasked with settling the area ; at the same time , several castles were founded in the west of the county , securing its border with Wales .
Walter de Lacy was the earl 's second in command , and was rewarded with 163 manors spread across seven counties , with 91 in Herefordshire alone .
@ 00 m ) in diameter , visibly divided into two sections by different bands of stonework , and with some plaster surviving on the lower level .
 Some examples of such solar clusters are the Charanka Solar Park , where there are 17 different generation projects ; Neuhardenberg , with eleven plants , and the Golmud solar parks with total reported capacity over 500MW .
A second wave of installations was undertaken under the UK 's Renewables Obligation , with the total number of plants connected by the end of March 2013 reaching 86 .
UTF @-@ 8 preserves backwards compatibility with traditional null terminated strings , enabling more reliable information processing and the chaining of multilingual string data with Unix pipes between multiple processes .
 The CGI removal of actor Gary Sinise 's legs , after his character had them amputated , was achieved by wrapping his legs with a blue fabric , which later facilitated the work of the " roto @-@ paint " team to paint out his legs from every single frame .
 As a hadrosaurid , Lambeosaurus was a large bipedal / quadrupedal herbivore , eating plants with a sophisticated skull that permitted a grinding motion analogous to mammalian chewing .
 Sasha Frere @-@ Jones , critic of The New Yorker praised the self made " unpretentious , stuck together with Scotch tape " style that M.I.A.
s " eccentric and energizing " music and that the musician 's unclassifiable sound was one example of how hip hop was changing as it came into contact with other cultures .
s stage performances are described as " highly energetic " and multimedia showcases , often with scenes of what Rolling Stone critic Rob Sheffield describes as " jovial chaos , with dancers and toasters and random characters roaming the stage , " bringing various crowds with interests in art , music and fashion .
 Her third album , Maya , tackled information politics in the digital age , loaded with technological references and love songs , and deemed by Kitty Empire writing in The Observer to be her most melancholic and mainstream effort .
Although working well with James , Miles feels he lacks trust from him .
What resulted was Miles and Hurley discussing Chang with Miles plainly saying , " That douche is my dad " before a cut to a commercial break .
Disorganized shower and thunderstorm activity was associated with the westward moving wave ; however , the NHC did not anticipate further development of the system .
They weren 't going to get stuck with the SBD 's 150 @-@ knot cruise speed .
Selenium requirements in plants differ by species , with some plants requiring relatively large amounts and others apparently requiring none .
various regions within North America ) where low selenium soil levels lead to low concentrations in the plants , some animal species may be deficient unless selenium is supplemented with diet or injection .
He originally made the trip alongside his cousin Steven , after just three days in Melbourne the two re @-@ packed their bags with the intention of returning home .
When the sea channel separating the city from mainland was filled with earth in the 11th century , the city merged with the settlement on land , and soon , a single wall was built around the area of the present @-@ day city core .
During the republican era , the wooden drawbridge to the Pile Gate was hoisted each night with considerable pomp in a ceremony which delivered the city 's keys to the Ragusan rector .
Over the bridge , just like with the Gate of Pile , there is the statue of Saint Blaise , the patron saint of Dubrovnik .
 Today , the fortress houses an aquarium on the ground floor , stocked with fishes from various parts of the Adriatic Sea .
 Reilly further added that the renewal was also prompted by the high risk of trying to replace Fringe with another show with unknown viewership metrics ; he commented that they " have a far better shot of sticking with a show that has an audience that [ they ] think [ they ] can grow " .
A pair of authentic drum sticks are included with the controller .
The more recent PlayStation 3 bundles now include a USB hub , with a sticker on the box indicating so .
One such incident occurred in the 1947 Stanley Cup Final when Richard received a match penalty for striking Toronto 's Bill Ezinicki over the head with his stick in a game two loss .
The simmering dispute erupted after an incident in the Canadiens ' March 13 , 1955 , game against Boston , when Hal Laycoe struck Richard in the head with his stick .
When he came flying toward you with the puck on his stick , his eyes were all lit up , flashing and gleaming like a pinball machine .
The ATSDR has described how " … Over the 30 years of plant operations , some of this was acquired to settle disputes with nearby farmers . "
Some of the language 's core functions , such as those dealing with strings and arrays , are also implemented as extensions .
Experimental introduction of the serine protease into mice has been found to produce widespread pain associated with irritable bowel syndrome , as well as colitis , which is associated with all three diseases .
Although Harrison 's contract with James had expired in March 1968 , the copyright for " Only a Northern Song " and his second contribution to the film , " It 's All Too Much " , remained with Northern Songs rather than being assigned to Harrisongs as his four White Album compositions had been .
The song 's release coincided with a period of acrimony between James and the Beatles , particularly Lennon and McCartney , about whom Lewisohn writes : " If John and Paul still thought they owned their songs [ following the flotation of Northern Songs ] they were deluding themselves . "
This may indicate that enough in @-@ house labor was available during the farming season , or that specialized groups of Chacoans were dedicated to tree felling irrespective of the agriculture cycle , when most others were busy with field preparation and planting .
They eventually signed with the record company Island Def Jam .
Coldplay and U2 followed suit and , at their separate concerts played in Las Vegas , with the Killers in the crowd , incorporated the line into their songs " God Put a Smile Upon Your Face " and " Beautiful Day " , respectively .
 The band 's Battle Born World Tour proved their most widespread yet with the band visiting new territories including Russia and China .
According to Flowers in a later interview with Loaded , the band are currently working with Flood and Alan Moulder on their fifth studio album , and had been working on a potential new track titled " Look Alive " .
 The fight against Alexander McKay was Byrne 's first brush with notoriety .
 The recorded history of Manchester began with the civilian settlement associated with the Roman fort of Mamucium or Mancunium , which was established in about 79 AD on a sandstone bluff near the confluence of the rivers Medlock and Irwell .
Manchester is contiguous on all sides with several large settlements , except for a small section along its southern boundary with Cheshire .
In April 1954 , an incident that would showcase Boganda 's talent and appeal with crowds erupted at Berbérati .
One person in particular , Rick Rubin , stood out , as he was more broadminded in contrast to individuals they had worked with in the past even though Rubin previously turned down the band 's offer to produce their 1987 album The Uplift Mofo Party Plan due to the drug problems of Kiedis and guitarist Hillel Slovak who would die of a heroin overdose a year later .
With the Peppers now playing shows at arenas rather than theaters , the promoters of the tour decided that Pearl Jam should be replaced with a more successful act .
The Pumpkins were , therefore , taken off the concert bill and replaced with Pearl Jam .
 Brendan O 'Brien – engineering , mixing ( with Rick Rubin )
Many settlers fled to Chicago , then a small town , which became overcrowded with hungry refugees .
 The competition for Saint Fin Barre 's occurred as a result of widespread dissatisfaction with the existing church of 1735 which the Dublin Builder described as " a shabby apology for a cathedral which has long disgraced Cork . "
Two minor comedies followed , Alibi Ike with Joe E. Brown and The Irish in Us with James Cagney .
Variety described the film as " a lusty western , packed with action " .
In 1941 she appeared in three commercially successful films , beginning with Raoul Walsh 's romantic comedy The Strawberry Blonde with James Cagney .
In December 1939 de Havilland began a romantic relationship with actor James Stewart .
Certain hazardous goods vehicles , together with some oversize and abnormal loads ( if permitted ) may require escorting by Highways Agency Traffic Officers .
Cucumbers were brined as well , while greens would be packed in jars with salt .
Gold and silver leaf were placed on food surfaces and brushed with egg whites .
Elaborate and showy dishes were the result , such as tourte parmerienne which was a pastry dish made to look like a castle with chicken @-@ drumstick turrets coated with gold leaf .
One of the grandest showpieces of the time was roast swan or peacock sewn back into its skin with feathers intact , the feet and beak being gilded .
 Le petit déjeuner ( breakfast ) is traditionally a quick meal consisting of tartines ( slices ) of French bread with butter and honey or jam , sometimes brioche , along with café au lait ( also called " café crème " ) , or black coffee , or tea , more rarely hot chicory .
In Germinal and other novels , Émile Zola also reported the briquet : two long bread slices stuffed with butter , cheese and or ham .
The finale included " All I Need Is The Girl " from stage musical Gypsy : A Musical Fable and " Get Happy " , a 1930 song most associated with Judy Garland in Summer Stock ( 1950 ) .
 The Paladin Collector 's Edition , a limited edition of the game , has a remote @-@ controlled plane , the graphic novel Splinter Cell Echoes , a Billionaire 's Yacht co @-@ op map , an Upper Echelon pack with a Dead Coast map , gold sonar goggles , and a limited @-@ edition poster .
Martin 's home was one of the targets ; on April 28 , he was found with a loaded gun , gambling records and $ 20 @,@ 000 in cash in his home .
, Team 3D attacked and injured MCMG in the storyline by beating their hands with kendo sticks .
It began with the two fighting throughout the crowd , before entering the ring .
 Bill Lamb from About.com commented : " [ The ] album is state of the art dance @-@ pop loaded with hits from ' Holiday ' and ' Lucky Star ' to ' Borderline ' .
 Folding @ home is also used to study protein chaperones , heat shock proteins which play essential roles in cell survival by assisting with the folding of other proteins in the crowded and chemically stressful environment within a cell .
They will upload and download data with Stanford 's Folding @ home data servers ( over port 8080 , with 80 as an alternative ) , and the communication is verified using 2048 @-@ bit digital signatures .
The number of these stacks varies with the specific function of the cell .
 The Beatles entered into a publishing agreement with Dick James Music ( DJM ) , so James set up a company called Northern Songs .
Epstein was found on a single bed , dressed in pyjamas , with various correspondence spread over a second single bed .
The sailors charged with folding the flag draping Nelson 's coffin and placing it in the grave instead tore it into fragments , with each taking a piece as a memento .
 However , when they reached the American compound , Lownds refused to give them entry because he feared that North Vietnamese soldiers may have mingled with the crowd .
Tim Teeman from The Times commented that the moment Ruth became stuck in traffic contrasted with " the scary new land she was travelling towards " .
Exiting Bouse , the highway enters an area dotted with farms spread among the desert , passing the communities of McVay and Utting .
While the river here has been stocked with rainbows since 1964 , the implementation of a more stable flow regime at Glen Canyon Dam in 1991 has somewhat reduced the average size of fish caught there due to the increased survival rate of young fish and the resulting competition .
The extraordinary speed with which the venom spreads through tissue and produces rapid manifestations of life @-@ threatening symptoms is unique to mambas .
Investigating a nuisance case in an apartment building , Barkley and Travers unwittingly allow the Stoics access to murder an otherwise protected tenant , a college professor of " advanced magical engineering and biology with an emphasis on power plant design . "
The site was announced in 1977 with plans for a reprocessing plant , spent fuel management , and permanent disposal facilities at a single site .
Johnson was rewarded for his efforts by being selected to play in the Pro Bowl and was rewarded with the Packers Defensive Player of the Year award .
He signed a three @-@ year contract with the Packers at $ 450 @,@ 000 a year .
During his time with the Colts , Johnson was used as a part @-@ time starter in a role similar to his final few years with the Packers .
Then , the train goes back up , through an Immelmann followed by a slight downward right turn before entering an air @-@ time hill ( this was the first of three near @-@ miss points with the Hungarian Horntail train when the roller coasters duelled ) .
Maryse then began feuding with Mickie James after she cost James a number one contender 's battle royal , which was eventually won by Kelly Kelly , by spraying hairspray in her eyes .
The walls were constructed with rubble faced with ashlar , and even without their former polished facings the walls are about 3 m ( 10 ft ) thick .
Easton is also believed to be the home of America 's first Christmas tree , as German immigrants who settled in Easton brought the symbol with them in 1816 .
@ 0 m ) tall evergreen trees with gold ornaments were placed , strung with more than 2 @,@ 000 Christmas tree lights .
Several residents called police and sprayed the flames with fire extinguishers until city firefighters arrived to put out the blaze .
 In Florida , nesting habitats often consist of mangrove swamps , the shorelines of lakes and rivers , pinelands , seasonally flooded flatwoods , hardwood swamps , and open prairies and pastureland with scattered tall trees .
Increasingly , eagles nest in man @-@ made reservoirs stocked with fish .
Its location on the borders with Austria and Hungary makes it the only national capital that borders two countries .
After the restoration of Czechoslovakia , the Beneš decrees ( partly revoked in 1948 ) collectively punished ethnic German and Hungarian minorities by expropriation and deportation to Germany , Austria , and Hungary for their alleged collaborationism with Nazi Germany and Hungary against Czechoslovakia .
 Typically , the species has a deep brown colouration on the dorsal side and legs , often with a scattering or a fine pattern of interconnected darker scales .
He brought the Bulgarian royal family and many nobles to live in Constantinople and Asia Minor , while the region around Philippopolis was settled with Armenians .
, " with the stick chase " ) .
There is a 1523 reference to stoolball at a designated field in Oxfordshire ; this may then have been a generic term for any game in which a ball is somehow hit with a bat or stick .
Type IV 's are nomenclature for smaller ad hoc patient transfer using smaller utility vehicles where passenger vehicles and trucks would have difficulty in traversing , such as large industrial complexes , commercial venues , and special events with large crowds .
 Tail lift or ramp – Ambulances can be fitted with a tail lift or ramp in order to facilitate loading a patient without having to undertake any lifting .
 Elizabeth Device was charged with the murders of James Robinson , John Robinson and , together with Alice Nutter and Demdike , the murder of Henry Mitton .
 The beginning of the first boom period in private equity would be marked by the well @-@ publicized success of the Gibson Greetings acquisition in 1982 and would roar ahead through 1983 and 1984 with the soaring stock market driving profitable exits for private equity investors .
Instead , Kohlberg chose to return to his roots , acquiring smaller , middle @-@ market companies and in 1987 , he would found a new private equity firm Kohlberg & Company along with his son James A. Kohlberg , at the time a KKR executive .
 In April 1989 , Drexel settled with the SEC , agreeing to stricter safeguards on its oversight procedures .
 The Armory 's entrance hung with banners painted to replicate Mr. Schwarzman 's sprawling Park Avenue apartment .
In contravention to his earlier stances during the Oregon Constitutional Convention , Deady later denounced violence against Chinese Americans during the 1870s and 1880s , even convening a grand jury to examine charging anti @-@ Chinese crowds with criminal acts .
His movies are full of twists and riddles , and even his popcorn fare is stuffed with enough brain candy to fill up a graduate school syllabus . "
After tinkering with the lacrosse stick design at his father 's shop , Morrow introduced a titanium version of the stick in the 1992 NCAA Division I Men 's Lacrosse Championship tournament .
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line , and on 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold at auction .
The nerve may then be injected with cortisone and local anesthetic to confirm and also treat chronic pain of the external genitalia ( known as vulvodynia in females ) , pelvic and anorectal pain .
Eventually the canon ends , with all the strings ( except the double basses ) ending on a single note , E4 .
 The soprano enters on the same note in the second section and builds to a climax on the final word , at which point the strings enter forcefully with the climax of the opening canon .
Large prey that do not fit entirely into the mouth are stuffed in with the hands .
Traditional instruments reflect these widespread origins : the mandoliny and kabosy owe their existence to the introduction of the guitar by early Arab or European seafarers , the ubiquitous djembe originated in mainland Africa and the valiha — the bamboo tube zither considered the national instrument of Madagascar — directly evolved from an earlier form of zither carried with the first Austronesian settlers on their outrigger canoes .
 Strings may be plucked with the fingernails , which are allowed to grow longer for this purpose .
While some regions construct their marovany from wood , near Toamasina the box is constructed of metal sheeting with much thicker and heavier strings that produce a different sound from the bamboo and bicycle cable valiha of the Highlands .
Mandolina and gitara are the Antandroy names of a popular Southern chordophone similar to the kabosy but with nylon fishing line for strings and five or seven movable frets that facilitate modification of the instrument 's tuning .
 Bamboo shakers ( kaiamba ) filled with seeds are integral to the performance of tromba on the eastern coast of the island , although modern items such as empty insecticide tins or sweetened condensed milk cans filled with pebbles increasingly take the place of traditional bamboo .
 Early forms of xylophone such as the atranatrana are found throughout the island and are believed to have come across with the original Indonesian settlers .
Each woman strikes the atranatrana with a pair of sticks , one keeping the beat while the second plays a melody .
New commanderies were established in the Ordos as well as four in the Hexi Corridor — Jiuquan , Zhangyi , Dunhuang , and Wuwei — which were populated with Han settlers after a major Qiang @-@ Xiongnu allied force was repelled from the region in 111 BCE .
By 119 BCE , Han forces established their first garrison outposts in the Juyan Lake Basin of Inner Mongolia , with larger settlements built there after 110 BCE .
Emperor Zhang had upheld a good relationship with his titular mother and Ming 's widow , the humble Empress Dowager Ma ( d .
However , Zhang Rang managed to flee with Emperor Shao and his brother Liu Xie to the Yellow River , where he was chased down by the Yuan family troops and committed suicide by jumping into the river and drowning .
Adjacent to this room to the east is a smaller drawing room , this time with heraldic reliefs on the plaster ceiling and featuring a cylindrical Florentine soapstone fireplace .
Heavy oak timbers are used to construct the open beam ceiling in this room , with mottled plaster walls .
In reality , Leo seems to have trusted him , for he showered him with gifts and appointed him to senior military positions : initially he was named — apparently in succession to Eustathios Argyros — strategos of the Charsianon theme , but by 913 he had risen to the post of Domestic of the Schools ( commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the army ) .
The cover artwork shows a Droste effect featuring the group , with a picture hanging on the wall showing the same scene , except that the band members have switched positions .
Two DLC packs were included with some of the game 's special editions and were available upon release .
In 1996 , she and Peron campaigned on behalf of California Proposition 215 , a statewide voter initiative that would allow patients to possess and cultivate cannabis for personal medical use with the recommendation of a physician .
On January 1 , 1994 , Jackson settled with the Chandlers out of court for $ 22 million .
The marriage ended less than two years later with an amicable divorce settlement .
On November 20 of that year , Jackson brought his infant son onto the balcony of his room at the Hotel Adlon in Berlin as fans stood below , holding him in his right arm , with a cloth loosely draped over the baby 's face .
Instead , at the end of the first half , Barcelona coach Juan José Nogués and all of his players were angry with the hard @-@ style of play Real Madrid was using and with the aggressiveness of the home crowd .
If so , a later owner apparently replaced the Rushton stack with the ' shotgun ' stack now on the locomotive . "
This was done by roasting iron pyrites , converting the sulphide to oxide , as the ore was piled up with coal briquettes in an earthenware furnace with a type of still @-@ head to send the sulfur over as vapour , after which it would solidify and crystallize .
This Jurchen @-@ Jin issued paper money bore a serial number , the number of the series , and a warning label that counterfeiters would be decapitated , and the denouncer rewarded with three hundred strings of cash .
In November 1944 , The Christian Science Monitor reported that blockships dispatched from Boston , like West Nohno , had been loaded with " tons of sand and cement " and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port .
Hobbs was very popular with the crowds , and scored 593 runs .
Both colonies sought to stack their teams with players who either had borderline — and sometimes flagrantly — illegal bowling actions to use physical intimidation as a means of negating opposition batsmen .
 Many in the crowd disagreed with the decision and took exception to it being made by an umpire employed by the Englishmen .
Working with James Sayers , Oliphant managed to produce an improved version of the klystron capable of generating 400W .
Oliphant visited his friend Ernest Lawrence , and also spoke with James Conant and Enrico Fermi .
 Oliphant secured the services of fellow Australian physicist Harrie Massey , who had been working for the Admiralty on magnetic mines , along with James Stayers and Stanley Duke , who had worked with him on the cavity magnetron .
Together with James R. Miller , Pflueger designed some of the leading skyscrapers and movie theaters in San Francisco in the 1920s , and his works featured art by challenging new artists such as Ralph Stackpole and Diego Rivera .
A canopy modeled after ancient Roman silk brocade shelters was fashioned of steel lath and plaster and painted with Asian and Buddha figures to overhang the main theater seating area .
 The grand opening was held December 16 , 1931 with a crowd which extended out to the street .
He had no hesitation in condemning Roosevelt 's 1937 bill to expand the Supreme Court and pack it with New Dealers .
Sentenced to three years imprisonment , Remington was murdered in November 1954 by three fellow inmates , who beat him over the head with a brick wrapped in a sock .
Erdrich states that even though it could have been written for young women experiencing the same difficulties Angelou faced , the book does not preach , but " presents Angelou ’ s life path scattered with enormous obstacles endured and conquered through knowledge of self and a singular brand of mother love " .
As a result , the dates on which teams celebrate Midnight Madness can vary , but most stick with the traditional date of a Friday night closest to October 15 .
In an interview with Artistdirect , she explained that the demons represent " those thoughts about this other person [ that ] will always haunt you a bit " and " always stick with you " .
In the parliament 's session , the republicans questioned Cromwell 's claim to power , argued in favour of limiting it , and spoke against the veto power of the Cromwellian House of Lords , which was packed with supporters of the protector .
The jury , which was packed with royalists , convicted him after thirty minutes of debate .
She never planned on settling down with him . "
Paine 's deism was simply too radical for these more moderate reformers and they feared being tarred with the brush of extremism .
The Canadiens stocked their team with francophone stars including Newsy Lalonde , Georges Poulin and Didier Pitre .
 From the early 1940s Marmarosa had searched for and experimented with advanced progressive forms of jazz , and had become increasingly attracted to bebop after meeting and jamming with the leaders of that new movement , Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker .
The console 's controller was also redesigned and improved over the PlayStation 3 , with improved buttons and analog sticks , and an integrated touchpad among other changes .
Traveling and lecturing for eight months every year provided her both with the funds to put her two youngest sons through college and , given her popularity as a lecturer , with a way to spread her ideas among the general population , gain broad public recognition , and further establish her reputation as a preeminent leader in the women 's rights movement .
A freighter that had been borrowed from the United Fruit Company was specially refitted and loaded with weapons in New Orleans under the guise of agricultural machinery , and set sail for Nicaragua .
Early in the morning of 27 June 1954 , a CIA Lockheed P @-@ 38M Lightning attacked Puerto San José and dropped napalm bombs on the British cargo ship , SS Springfjord , on charter to the U.S. company W.R. Grace and Company Line , which was being loaded with Guatemalan cotton and coffee .
By October 26 , a broad area of low pressure , associated with disorganized shower and thunderstorm activity , developed over the southwestern Caribbean Sea .
On the day it first aired , she wrote that " This episode is vintage Simpsons , crammed with divinely vulgar visual oddities .
Precipitation tends to be spread moderately throughout the year with a peak in summer .
The mountainous regions themselves are also vulnerable , with a rich range of plants not found at other altitudes , and experience some pressure from visitors and grazing .
 Lisa announces that she is going to protest a new steakhouse which allows its customers to kill their own steak , which is called " The Slaughterhouse " ( it is also decorated with hanging steer carcasses and a fountain of blood , and everything on the menu is meat - even the menu itself ) .
Compared with a gaseous diffusion plant or a nuclear reactor , an electromagnetic separation plant would consume more scarce materials , require more manpower to operate , and cost more to build .
 In a Doctor Who Magazine interview , Barrowman described Jack 's love for Ianto as " lustful " , and explained " I don 't think he 'd settle down with Ianto .
The first two series suggest the possibility of romantic and sexual tension behind Jack and Gwen 's working relationship , with Stephen James Walker drawing on the firing range sequence in series one episode " Ghost Machine " as a key example , as well as the scene where Jack discovers that Gwen has become engaged to Rhys in " Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang " , the series two opener .
She suggests that Jack ( unlike Rhys ) is not mature enough to occupy the role of " steady prince " for Gwen , whilst Barrowman feels that if Jack were to settle down with her , " he 'd have to commit completely " ; this is why he does not act on his feelings , because though Gwen would let him flirt with other people , he could " never afford to do anything more " .
The protests continued until June 30 , when the troops finally pacified the city , after exchanging fire with some violent demonstrators .
We were living on an island that was crowded with other people 's armies " .
The paint was generally applied with brushes or sometimes with thin sticks or brush handles .
At Charles the Bold and Margaret of York 's wedding the room " was hung above with draperies of wool , blue and white , and on the sides was tapestried with a rich tapestry woven with the history of Jason and the Golden Fleece " .
Rooms typically were hung from ceiling to floor with tapestries and some rooms named for a set of tapestries , such as a chamber Philip the Bold named for a set of white tapestries with scenes from The Romance of the Rose .
In 2001 , the group was reformed – with guitarist James Valentine joining the line @-@ up – and began a new , musical chapter , changing their name to Maroon 5 .
Leppard 's third Glyndebourne version was issued in 1980 , when the orchestration with strings and brass drew critical comment from Denis Arnold in his Gramophone review : " Too much of the music left with a simple basso continuo line in the original has been fully orchestrated with strings and brass , with the result that the expressive movement between recitative , arioso and aria is obscured . "
 With the interwar period and the spread of modernist literature , a new generation of critics , most notably George Călinescu and Vladimir Streinu , dedicated important segments of their activity to the works of Ion Creangă .
The rainfall also flooded two fire houses in Somerville with several feet of water , and the water treatment plant in Bridgewater Township with 18 inches ( 457 mm ) of floodwaters in what was catalogued as a 50 @-@ year flood event .
Accordingly , they are cleaned in a process the BIPM developed between 1939 and 1946 known as " the BIPM cleaning method " that comprises firmly rubbing with a chamois soaked in equal parts ether and ethanol , followed by steam cleaning with bi @-@ distilled water , and allowing the prototypes to settle for 7 – 10 days before verification .
The fringe @-@ signal , frequency @-@ sweep output from the interferometer is measured with a rubidium atomic clock .
The plant presents fragile pappuses with five or fewer slender bristles , slightly expanded at the base .
As Tony finds Jacqui and tells her he has got Diane O 'Connor ( Alexandra Fletcher ) pregnant Jacqui gets upset and tells Tony It 's not going to be with her and makes him stick by Diane but Tony proposes to Jacqui who turns him down and gets in the taxi leaving Tony devastated .
Maxwell 's treatment of the video , reminiscent of his work with Nine Inch Nails , features footage of Christian imagery such as doves and crosses mixed with stock footage of riots , book burnings , hate crimes , a metallic hammer and sickle symbol of Communism , footage of one of Hitler 's speeches and an accompanying Nazi propaganda film projected onto a screen that includes Nazi burnings of " degenerate " materials .
 Harrison also asks for divine assistance to " cope with this heavy load " , while his stated attempt to " touch and reach you with heart and soul " recalls the same plea for a direct relationship with his deity that he expresses in " My Sweet Lord " .
 In Britain , where the national economy was heading into recession after the boom years of the 1960s , lines such as " help me cope with this heavy load " " touched a raw nerve or two " , according to Alan Clayson .
Without Burke , the Jazz began the season 0 – 8 with Lucas and Jamaal Tinsley playing point guard .
An imperial edict in 85 AD ordered the local governments of commanderies and subordinate kingdoms to resettle landless peasants onto state @-@ owned lands , where they would be paid wages , provided with crop seeds , loaned farming tools and exempted from rent payments for five years and poll taxes for three years .
 The second volume of the manga was positively reviewed at Anime News Network by Theron Martin , who wrote : " With its second volume the title pushes fully into the realm of romantic comedy , liberally sprinkling its story with humorous asides , pratfalls , and anecdotes while still dealing head @-@ on with the much more serious and involved love triangle springing up around Hazumu .
Emily Mackay of NME felt that its " experiments feel more organic , its tone better paced " than Rated R. Thomas Conner of the Chicago Sun @-@ Times wrote that " the celebratory atmosphere of Rihanna 's sassy new jams are seasoned with some of the darker flavors from ' Rated R ' " .
The underground gallery system at La Ferté is simple , limited to a gallery linking the two blocks , which were initially designed to function as separate units with separate generating plants and ventilation facilities in each block .
Workers prey on insects , killing them with a spray of formic acid .
Thom Donovan , American musician / songwriter , who has toured world @-@ wide with Robert Plant and the Goo Goo Dolls and appeared on Last Call with Carson Daly on NBC .
I was starting to listen to his music and hanging out with him a lot when he was working on Rain in England . "
Picarone , a Peruvian dessert originated in the colonial period , are deep @-@ fried cakes made with pumpkin and sweet potatoes , popular in Peru and Chile , especially during harvest festivals .
Waste oil can overflow sewage systems , bind to the walls of sewage pipes , and interfere with sewage treatment .
For Fun features random stages and items , with time matches only and Omega stages omitted , while For Glory features stock matches with no items exclusively on Omega stages and features both standard Smash and 1 @-@ on @-@ 1 battles , all of which the player 's wins and losses are recorded from For Glory .
This has lancet windows on the sides , grouped under single hood moulds and with a string course .
 The parsnip is a biennial plant with a rosette of roughly hairy leaves that has a pungent odor when crushed .
The Hall was a large room hung with portraits of various famous judges and Serjeants @-@ at @-@ Law , with three windows on one side each containing the coat of arms of a distinguished judge .
On 4 July Willaumez rejoined the squadron from Montserrat with news that the annual Jamaica convoy , a large collection of merchant ships that sailed each year from the Caribbean to Britain during the summer , was anchored off Tortola .
After graduating from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1855 , Comstock served with the Army Corps of Engineers .
Later Comstock continued with the Army Corps of Engineers , took part in several engineering projects , and served on the Mississippi River Commission , of which he was president .
During the Fredericksburg Campaign , Comstock was faced with the difficult task of constructing pontoon bridges over the Rappahannock River , a debacle which proved to be one of the most challenging of his career .
 Comstock remained with the Army of the Tennessee into the fall of 1863 .
Grant asked Comstock to come with him as his senior aide @-@ de @-@ camp .
When Houston swept the series in four straight games , they became the first team in NBA history to win the championship as a sixth seed – still the champion with the lowest seed , and the only without home court in any round – and the first to beat four 50 @-@ win teams in a single postseason en route to the championship .
 The 1997 – 98 season was marked by injuries , and the team finished 41 – 41 with the eighth seed in the Western Conference .
The artwork was released onto the internet following the song 's release and could be downloaded along with the song .
The " dynamic duo take a saber saw to a glistening new Maybach and turn it into a tricked @-@ out ' Thunderdome ' cruiser , then do doughnuts in a parking lot with a gaggle of models packed in the back . "
Odessa and Pat would pass very close together with Ruby impacting Tokyo .
Journey is , together with the 1997 book Even the Stars Look Lonesome , one of the volumes that writer Hilton Als called Angelou 's " wisdom book , comprising " homilies strung together with autobiographical texts " .
Hugh Jackman reprises his role from previous films as the title character , with James Mangold directing a screenplay written by Scott Frank and Mark Bomback , based on the 1982 limited series Wolverine by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller .
The set was made into a Japanese village draped in snow with filming beginning on November 1 , 2012 .
The set , constructed on Brisbane St. , was transformed to look like a Japanese street with Japanese signage and vehicles scattered throughout .
He goes down there with better stuff than he had before . "
@ 5 miles ( 2 km ) from the fire , with six more high volume pumps deployed at various locations to serve as boosters .
 For the first two days of the fire , the high thermal energy made the plume highly buoyant ; this , together with settled weather conditions , allowed the plume to rise to a great height with little cross @-@ mixing .
In the 1890s , Herman Frasch came up with the solution of liquefying the sulfur with superheated steam and pumping the sulfur up to the surface .
The fruiting body is a creamy @-@ white mushroom which is funnel @-@ shaped when mature , with exceptionally crowded gills .
The parcels with yellow cheese led to Johannes being given the nickname " Gulosten " ( English : " The Yellow Cheese " ) by the other boys at the institution , a name that stuck with him for the rest of his life .
Relationships between the Scottish Crown and the Papacy were generally good , with James IV receiving tokens of papal favour .
The album was reissued as Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded in June 2008 with three new songs , including the Billboard Hot 100 number @-@ one hits " Take a Bow " and " Disturbia " .
The fourth song is " Breakin ' Dishes " ; Peter Robinson of The Observer called it a " wronged @-@ woman bonanza , packed with hooks , chants and flashes of lyrical brilliance . "
In 1749 he headed a commission to arrange a treaty with the Indians in the District of Maine , which was then part of Massachusetts , and he served on boundary commissions to settle disputes with Connecticut and Rhode Island .
Pownall cultivated relations with the populist factions in the state , and sought to remove the influence of Shirley supporters , sometimes asking Hutchinson to turn against people he ( Hutchinson ) had earlier supported .
However , meeting quickly turned angry and chaotic with an overcapacity crowd pressing against the glass windows outside .
The original investors , many of whom played for or were otherwise associated with James , sold the team to the Flames for approximately $ 1 @.
The town appears in records from 1107 as " Woxbrigge " , and became part of the Elthorne Hundred with other settlements in the area .
The size of mottes varied considerably , with these mounds being 3 metres to 30 metres in height ( 10 feet to 100 feet ) , and from 30 metres to 90 metres in diameter ( 100 feet to 300 feet ) .
Soil wash was a problem , particularly with steeper mounds , and mottes could be clad with wood or stone slabs to protect them .
One suggestion is that these castles were built particularly in order to protect against external attack – the Angevins , it is argued , began to build them to protect against the Viking raids , and the design spread to deal with the attacks along the Slav and Hungarian frontiers .
This form of castle was closely associated with the colonisation of newly cultivated areas within the Empire , as new lords were granted lands by the emperor and built castles close to the local gród , or town .
The landscape of northern Europe remains scattered with their earthworks , and many form popular tourist attractions as part of the European heritage industry .
Examples include the scenes of Hindu Queen Jodahabai 's presence in the court of the Muslim Akbar , the singing of a Hindu devotional song by Anarkali , and Akbar 's participation in the Janmashtami celebrations , during which Akbar is shown pulling a string to rock a swing with an idol of Krishna on it .
The premiere was held amidst great fanfare , with large crowds and an extensive media presence , in addition to hosting much of the film industry , although Dilip Kumar did not attend the event owing to his dispute with Asif .
Outlook , in 2008 , and Hindustan Times , in 2011 , both declared that the scene in which Salim brushes Anarkali with an ostrich feather was the most erotic and sensuous scene in the history of Indian cinema .
Riverine woodlands of willows , poplars are among the habitats of the Turkestan group in central Asia , as well as low scrubland , oases ; at higher altitudes it occupies habitats ranging from dense deciduous and coniferous forests to open areas with scattered trees .
Troglita 's army pursued them at some distance , only exchanging a few blows with the tribes ' rearguard .
 In the city , the population was spread out with 21 @.
On May 25 , Almo serviced " Stupid Girl " to alternative radio , simultaneous with Garbage joining The Smashing Pumpkins ' North American arena tour as the opening act throughout June and July .
Food was stacked in piles of boxes , and draped with camouflage nets , to resemble trucks .
 Food was stacked in piles of boxes , and draped with camouflage nets to resemble trucks : a large box @-@ shaped pile for the truck 's body , and smaller piles for the truck 's cab and engine .
When the animal or plant dies , it stops exchanging carbon with its environment , and from that point onwards the amount of 14C it contains begins to decrease as the 14C undergoes radioactive decay .
Libby and several collaborators proceeded to experiment with methane collected from sewage works in Baltimore , and after isotopically enriching their samples they were able to demonstrate that they contained radioactive 14C .
 During its life , a plant or animal is exchanging carbon with its surroundings , so the carbon it contains will have the same proportion of 14C as the atmosphere .
Accumulated dead organic matter , of both plants and animals , exceeds the mass of the biosphere by a factor of nearly 3 , and since this matter is no longer exchanging carbon with its environment , it has a 14C / 12C ratio lower than that of the biosphere .
 Since 1969 , the Hyatt plant has worked in tandem with an extensive pumped @-@ storage operation comprising two offstream reservoirs west of Oroville .
Her headdress is draped with a long scarf or train which stretches down her neck and across her left shoulder , contrasting in colour and shape against the black head @-@ wear of her husband .
This culminated in April 1861 with a piano performance in Stockholm , attended by the Swedish royal family .
On the funeral evening , a scheduled performance of The Bartered Bride at the National Theatre was allowed to proceed , the stage draped with black cloth as a mark of respect .
It was 20 years before he returned to the chamber genre with his first String Quartet .
 Linn brochures dwell little on performance specifications , mentioning somewhat vaguely that the frequency response " varies by only a few db from 20Hz to 20KHz with the isobaric loading extending usable bass response to below 10Hz " .
The gardens were laid out in two distinct areas : those on the east side of the house were set out as vegetable plots on either side of the serpentine path , while on the western side were statues and grottoes , trees and evergreens with climbing and scented plants .
Xiorro , together with a slave from the McBean plantation named Mario and another slave named Narciso , would lead the slaves of Bayamón and Toa Baja and capture the city of Bayamón .
Since the fighter jets were absent of missiles and packed only with dummy ammunition from a recent training mission , there was only one way to do it and that was by ramming the aircraft .
 The scene involving Chase Meridian on the couch originally included a longer ending where the Riddler injects her with a green sleeping agent so he can easily place her in the small tube with the trap door .
Summer is hot and humid with occasional showers and thunderstorms , and warm air coming from the southwest .
Double @-@ decker buses were introduced to Hong Kong in 1949 , and are now almost exclusively used ; single @-@ decker buses remain in use for routes with lower demand or roads with lower load capacity .
The lower slopes have been planted with conifers as part of the Thirlmere Forest , but above this is a sense of wide open space .
The NRL helped with the promotion of the match , although the SARL were disappointed with the small crowd of 7 @,@ 017 .
Peter Parr , the CEO of the North Queensland Cowboys and former assistant coach for the Rams in 1998 , said that if the NRL had stuck with the Adelaide Rams , then rugby league in Adelaide might have flourished , making comparisons with the Melbourne Storm , a team performing successfully on and off the field in the AFL 's heartland .
This is analogous to a real voltage source , such as a battery , which remains near constant @-@ voltage with load provided that the load resistance is much higher than the battery internal resistance .
Twelve Heinkel He 59 seaplanes , crowded with two platoons of troops , landed in the heart of the city and unloaded assault teams that conquered the Willemsbrug , a bridge over the Nieuwe Maas , to occupy a bridgehead .
Together they released the album Maia and Friends in 2008 ; the album was in direct competition with Jameela 's album Makluk Tuhan Paling Sexy ( God 's Sexiest Creature ) .
With their ability to manoeuvre severely hindered , Amethyst and Thétis gradually closed on one another , Pinsum ordering the soldiers on his frigate to board the British vessel and capture her , while Seymour prepared for the eventuality by loading his cannon with two roundshot and his carronades with double loads of grapeshot .
I 'm hoping to stick with the show no matter what . "
Chamberlain , as Chancellor had taken a hard @-@ line stance against concessions to the Irish , but having been persuaded that the strained ties were having effects on relations with other Dominions he sought a settlement with Ireland .
The streets were so packed with cheering people that it took Chamberlain an hour and a half to journey the nine miles from Heston to the Palace .
The lower walls of the house were screened with a row of large cedars planted on the highest part of the garden .
The house 's third story is separated visually by a stone string course and is topped with a modillioned cornice .
 Fenestration at the main facade 's lower level is only narrow wood @-@ framed double @-@ hung glazed embrasures with two @-@ over @-@ two sash .
In 1931 , it was refurbished with more showers and dressing rooms , an addition to the locker room to double its space and increase the lounge space , an enlarged kitchen , a new women 's locker room and sitting room , a larger dining veranda , an enclosed porch on the northwest corner of the building , and a new porch on the building 's east side .
Its windows are primarily one @-@ over @-@ one and double @-@ hung with wood trim , with window @-@ sills made of concrete .
Later , as an adult , she settles down with a husband and child , but after discovering her battered doll which triggers memories of her unhappy childhood , she bites her child .
Today public housing is scattered throughout Omaha and often combined with market rate housing and community amenities .
Lahue and Gill characterize these films as , " some of Universal 's most memorable comedies of the twenties " , and note , " Starting with the usual framework provided by the situation comedy format , directors William Watson and Richard Smith inserted a sufficient amount of subdued slapstick to flavor these single reels with laugh after laugh . "
@ 5 of 5 stars , commenting that the album keeps its sci @-@ fi elements on its cover artwork as Queen keeps her reggaeton strong by sticking with her original formula ; he later claimed it was a standard @-@ issue effort .
With oversight provided by the European Space Assembly and the European Aeronautics and Space Administration , Moonbase 3 is a shoestring operation when compared with the Russian and American efforts and much of base director David Caulder 's job is to stave off budget cuts or a complete shutdown in the face of sceptical bureaucrats .
 Alongside technical problems such as stranded astronauts , explosive decompressions and failed experiments , the inhabitants of the moonbase must also deal with psychological problems arising from the cramped , dangerous environment they live in .
The episodes were recorded in a different order than that in which they were broadcast with " Departure and Arrival " recorded first followed by " Castor and Pollux " , " Behemoth " , " View of a Dead Planet " , " Outsiders " and , lastly , " Achilles Heel " with recording wrapping on 15 August 1973 .
 Roebling first signed on as a surveyor for the Beaver River canal system , launching his career with a string of canal and railroad projects .
According to Colombier , the studio responded positively to the demo but wanted them to change it so that it blended with traditional James Bond music in some way .
 " Die Another Day " is an electroclash number , starting with strings which continues for eleven seconds , when Madonna 's vocals starts with the lines " I 'm gonna keep this secret / I 'm gonna close my body now ... " It follows with the stuttered editing on her voice , which keeps cutting the main signal , especially on the chorus " I guess ..
By summer 2002 , he had compiled the idea for the video with Madonna 's inputs in it :
The X @-@ rays are produced as lower energy photons in the thin inner accretion disk , then given more energy through Compton scattering with very high temperature electrons in a geometrically thicker , but nearly transparent corona enveloping it , as well as by some further reflection from the surface of the thin disk .
And yes , this is war — it ’ s an unsettling and savage clip , depicting protestors being beaten and pepper @-@ sprayed as they mercilessly combat with the police , though the protestors @-@ turned @-@ rioters also inflict a large part of the violence : they destroy property , loot stores , and set fire to cars — and humans .
Young men are beaten , choked , sprayed with mace and dragged across the concrete as Frank Ocean soulfully croons , " Will he make it out alive ? "
The images taken would be uploaded to the cartridge and manipulated with a simple image editing program to adjust colour and skin tone ( as the Game Boy Camera was black and white ) and add facial features such as facial hair .
In southeastern Idaho , the California Trail separated from the Oregon , and Buck and some of the rest of the party split off there ; they settled in California and remained friends with Meeker until their deaths .
Batman revives Bane , who injects himself with a steroid that transforms him into a hulking beast .
Because the remains of the volva are not present on the bulb in dried , mature , specimens , Peck thought that the species should be grouped with Amanita rubescens and A. spissa .
Jones acknowledged that link saying that , " I was playing with the stuff like Jerry ’ s music at the beginning of Alien , Bowman was like our Ridley Scott — he was like Ridley Scott Jr. and I was Jerry Goldsmith Jr . "
 For the month of September 2009 , players in the US that purchase Guitar Hero 5 would be able to redeem a code with the game to receive a free copy of Guitar Hero : Van Halen prior to its retail release with the packaging 's offer sticker ( printable if lost ) , a copy of the receipt and a barcode received upon registration .
It is separated from the mainland by a 60 @-@ metre ( 200 ft ) chasm strewn with debris , and has nearly vertical sides with a top just a few metres wide .
Using Eniri 's bracelet to see into the monster , she finds that a piece of the cross Maphohetka was stabbed with during her hanging is still lodged in her chest , allowing Dinah to conclude that the piece is what keeps the evil spirit anchored in the living world .
 After the Lord Chamberlain 's Men were renamed the King 's Men in 1603 , they entered a special relationship with the new King James .
When the dies used proved too brittle and cracked easily , Eckfeldt came up with the idea of spraying water on the face of the die so the steel would temper evenly .
 Eastwood ended a four @-@ year " self @-@ imposed acting hiatus " by appearing in Gran Torino , which he also directed , produced and partly scored with his son Kyle and Jamie Cullum .
I didn 't agree with him on a lot of stuff . "
For the deluxe edition , 300 @,@ 000 copies with an iridescent digipak package were printed , and came with the album 's logo printed onto seed paper .
 In 1930 , President Herbert Hoover appointed Stanley to the International Joint Commission , a body charged with settling boundary disputes between the United States and Canada .
Alan Sepinwall and Matt Zoller Seitz of The Star @-@ Ledger were complimentary towards " Grace , Replaced " , writing that the episode " is a winner , packed with witty dialogue . "
 Lonely and needing someone to care for his children and help with the sewing and other chores , Mala takes the young girl Iva as his new wife .
To reduce glare from the snow , most of the sets were sprayed with pink paint from the air .
These were to be loaded with compounds developed under the US Navy ’ s Target Illumination and Recovery Aid ( TIARA ) program .
The ship is itself an ornament ; therefore one may not say that it is overloaded with ornaments , and only a mass of gilded carvings that are otherwise useless .
From the center rectangular link hung a white enameled Maltese cross , each arm strewn with numerous small golden flames and each point of the cross was tipped with a small gold ball .
The cross worn with this sash was a Maltese cross with narrow arms also enameled white strewn with numerous golden flames , with three straight rays between each arm , each point of the cross being tipped with a small gold ball .
The star of the order , worn on the left breast , was a radiant silver star of eight points surrounding a gold , white enameled cross pattée strewn with golden flames and with a round poppy red enameled central medallion bearing the motto In trau vast in golden Gothic letters and surrounded by a white enameled and gold border .
Some of the weapons can be loaded with different types of ammunition , including standard full metal jacket bullets , dum dum rounds that expand on impact and cause bleeding damage , and phosphorus @-@ coated tracer bullets that continue to burn upon impact .
This final theme for the game was settled on through discussions with Fox Interactive , the final publisher of NOLF .
It was the largest pumping plant in the United States at the time , and contained seven pumps with a total capacity of 700 cubic feet ( 20 m3 ) per second .
The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources regularly stocks the river with catfish and rainbow trout .
 By the 1940s , the castle structures were mostly covered with rubble and debris , interwoven with pathways created by the movement of visitors over the years .
The Rampire earthwork built in the early 17th century lies across the south and south @-@ east parts of the defences , where the gunports were blocked up with stone when the earth was piled up along the inside of the castle .
Regan became so angry with Reagan that he hung up on her during a 1987 telephone conversation .
The timing was wrong , and certainly our ability to stick with it , given what we did with Saturn , was severely limited .
In January 2015 , former Palace player Alan Pardew was confirmed as the new manager , signing a three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year contract with the club after a compensation package of £ 3 @.
 The gatehouse is a two @-@ storied , 17th century building with exposed timber and plasterwork , constructed in a distinctively local Shropshire style .
 The diffusion length increases at recombination because the mean free path does , with less photon scattering occurring ; this increases the amount of diffusion and damping .
With full combat load , she displaced up to 15 @,@ 845 @.
Don Kaye of the website Blabbermouth.net said that while the song was an " interesting experiment " it came " across as more of a stab at artsiness with its strings and choirs than a real song . "
Although , he felt it was a " shame the only storyline she ever had was the stuck record of her rancid relationship with mad Mr McDonald . "
The front cover has an elaborate openwork design with James 's monogram IR , while the back has very finely executed enamel decoration .
In general the Waddesdon Bequest can be said to have held up well in this regard , and the most significant brush with forgery has been to benefit the collection .
Arriving at the Gate , the team uses a mortar loaded with white phosphorus to attack the 33rd , disregarding Lugo 's objection .
Inspired by Lewis ' break @-@ up with childhood sweetheart Lou Al @-@ Chamaa , " Trouble " is a mid @-@ tempo R & B and trip hop ballad , with a piano and strings @-@ driven melody .
 The song opens with the main melody from the Hungarian piece " Csárdás " by Italian composer Vittorio Monti played on violin , as a distressed Gaga ( speaking in a Spanish accent ) states : " I know that we are young , and I know that you may love me / But I just can 't be with you like this anymore , Alejandro . "
After the Ganoga Lake Association 's 1957 purchase , they drained the lake to kill its fish , then stocked it with " 30 @,@ 000 fingerling brook trout " .
@ 8 % of the town 's land was planted with cereal crops , 6 @.
Deshastha Brahmins exchange Tilgul or sweets made of jaggery and sesame seeds along with the customary salutation Tilgul Ghya aani God Bola , which means Accept the Tilgul and be friendly .
Gulpoli , a special type of chapati stuffed with jaggery is the dish of the day .
After thinking it over for a day , Armstrong told Slayton he would stick with Aldrin , as he had no difficulty working with him and thought Lovell deserved his own command .
For many years , Armstrong turned down biography offers from authors such as Stephen Ambrose and James A. Michener , but agreed to work with James R. Hansen after reading one of Hansen 's other biographies .
 In Stuart Nicholson 's words , " Mehldau 's art is not based on negotiating his way through a harmonic sequence with a string of bravura licks [ ... ] Instead he patiently weaves melodic developments from motifs , fragments and inversions of the [ ... ] songs he plays into the fabric of his extemporizations , making the tunes gradually assume the proportions of an alternative composition . "
The recording was mixed by Tim Palmer , who had worked with Pearl Jam and U2 .
The nest is made of thin twigs , bark strips , and grasses , lined with grasses or other plant fibers .
 They and the episode writers developed a storyline in which a victim 's childhood experimentation , when they were injected with something , was now " coming back to haunt them . "
 The episode contains many cultural references , which Annalee Newitz of io9 attributed to the episode 's writers : " It was bound to happen that one day these four supernerds would get together and spawn an episode so packed with in @-@ groupy pop culture references that smacking is probably in order . "
They further stated that it had an " eerie , almost surreal quality sprinkled with pithy dialogue , comic relief and cryptic insights into key characters that left us wondering what sort of trouble might be around the bend " .
Scarecrow reveals Batman 's secret identity to the world on television , before repeatedly injecting Batman with the fear toxin to break him before the public .
Carter called both " painfully " and " disgustingly " short , respectively , with the Harley pack lasting around 30 minutes , and the Red Hood around 10 minutes .
Her digital song download tally also got a boost with total tracks sold being 108 @,@ 000 , up 169 % compared to the week previous ( 40 @,@ 000 ) .
Subsequently Stanton approved a plan to load some sixty canal boats with stone and gravel and sink them in the Potomac , but Welles was able to convince Lincoln at the last moment that such a plan would only prevent Monitor and other Union ships from reaching Washington and that the barges should only be sunk if and when Virginia was able to make her way up the Potomac .
Stanchions were also installed around the perimeter of the freeboard with a rope strung through each making it safer to walk about the deck amid stormy weather and rough seas .
Right when the Worthington pump could no longer keep pace with the flooding a call came from the engine room that water was gaining there .
He then ordered the towline cut and called for volunteers , Acting Master Stodder , along with crewmates John Stocking , and James Fenwick volunteered and climbed down from the turret , but eyewitnesses said that as soon as they were on the deck Fenwick and Stocking were quickly swept overboard and drowned .
No longer envisioning the building of Zion in Nauvoo , Smith viewed Zion as encompassing all of North and South America , with Mormon settlements being " stakes " of Zion 's metaphorical tent .
An avid reader , his interest in botany was piqued when he obtained a copy of Nicholas Culpeper 's 1653 book , The Complete Herbal , of which he said , " The wonderful properties that are there ascribed to plants excited in me a strong desire to get acquainted with the plants themselves . "
 Ripley and his wife Sophia formed a joint stock company in 1841 along with 10 other initial investors .
Ripley attempted to quell the financial difficulties by negotiating with creditors and stockholders , who agreed to cancel $ 7 @,@ 000 of debts .
The Hive 's dining room held fifty people and its library was stocked with George Ripley 's personal book collection which was made available for all community members .
Within a few days , these were supplanted by the Low Orbit Ion Cannon ( LOIC ) , a network stress @-@ testing application allowing users to flood a server with TCP or UDP packets .
Jeff Berkwits of Sci Fi Weekly wrote that " ... the Battlefield Earth Special Edition DVD is packed with information , offering an enlightening glimpse into the creative process behind this imperfect but entertaining picture " .
They may , however , have been able to knock down taller plants with their horns , beak , and bulk .
Discovered in 1892 by Arthur Bulleid , it was inhabited by about 200 people living in 14 roundhouses , and was built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
@ 1 kg ) , with good stocks of chub , dace , roach , bream , tench , perch , rudd , and gudgeon .
continuing northeast along with DE 1D on Plantation Road .
The ε ring is a rather crowded place with a filling factor near the apoapsis estimated by different sources at from 0 @.
When observed in forward @-@ scattering geometry by Voyager 2 , the δ ring appeared relatively bright , which is compatible with the presence of dust in its broad component .
 In addition to separate dust bands the system of Uranian rings appears to be immersed into wide and faint sheet of dust with the normal optical depth not exceeding 10 − 3 .
 Banksia oligantha grows as a single @-@ trunked small tree or as an erect shrub with few main stems .
The vegetation has been described as low open woodland over heath , and as tall open shrubland with some scattered trees .
The captain of the Young did not want to travel downstream with a heavy load because of the danger posed by the extra mass .
It built the biggest power plant in Alaska to provide electricity for the dredges , and it built pumping stations to provide them with water from the Chena and other rivers .
@ 3 × 1010 imp gal ) of water will be sent to the Dabouq reservoir where it will be diluted with water from the Zai Treatment Plant as well as water from Wala .
Tammas managed to escape from the nuckelavee after he inadvertently splashed it with water from the loch he was alongside ; this briefly distracted the monster , allowing Tammas to run over to a nearby channel of fresh water and jump to safety on the opposite bank .
 Roy Anderson ( David Denman ) enters the office and attacks Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) for kissing Pam Beesly ( Jenna Fischer ) , his former fiancé , but Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) subdues him with pepper spray .
Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) returns from anger management , and Dwight , unprovoked , subdues him with pepper spray .
When the chapel ceiling was restored by Sir William Cope , it was discovered that one section of the plaster work had previously been replaced with carved wood .
With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse , it 's part of a central , civic education — what Monroeville aspires to be . "
 He appeared on several episodes of Dustin 's Daily News , where he had a rivalry with Dustin the Turkey , the famous Irish sock puppet ; this ended with Dustin and Farrelly having a " fight " , which Dustin won .
The integration of various individual elements together , such as musical performances , humor and action , was commended in one review but panned in another , saying that the story was overloaded with too many elements .
Stig Høgset at THEM Anime Reviews , however , panned the series in part because it " overloads the story with too many elements in an attempt to please as many people as possible . "
The Dutch followed this with an assault on Chinese settlements elsewhere in Batavia in which they burned houses and killed people .
The Border Regiment held most of the western edge of the town , with scattered units filling the gaps to the north .
These much wider disks were found to be circular and free of clumps , with dust particles ranging from 1 – 50 μm in size .
 Schur said of the episode 's plot , " They 're very confused because in Venezuela the government is so powerful ; their parks department travels with military escorts and motorcades and stuff .
Her father died in 1751 and her mother and four siblings shared a two @-@ room property with James Lord , an apprentice .
The gallery was packed with interested spectators .
Hall had given her testimony to Fielding under threat of imprisonment and when by chance the Grub Street writer John Hill heard from a Magistrate that she had showed signs of remorse , he was presented with a perfect opportunity to settle an old score .
A reward was offered for information on anyone who had attacked Gascoyne , but mainly the Grub Street press concerned itself with the fallout from the affair .
After exchanging fire with Pakistani troops , students set fire to a Ministry of Environment building near Lal Masjid .
Later , Tony finds purpose in his otherwise pointless voyage when he hears of the fabled lost city from Messinger ; he visualises it as Gothic in character , " a transfigured Hetton ... everything luminous and translucent ; a coral citadel crowning a green hill top sewn with daisies " .
A film version , directed by Charles Sturridge , was released in 1988 , with James Wilby as Tony , Kristin Scott Thomas as Brenda , Judi Dench as Mrs Beaver and Alec Guinness as Mr Todd .
 The Wallachian revolutionaries maintained ambiguous relations with leaders of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , as well as with the latter 's ethnic Romanian adversaries in Transylvania .
Progressively , Romanian Transylvanians distanced themselves from the rapprochement , and clarified that their goal was the preservation of Austrian rule , coming into open conflict with the Hungarian revolutionary authorities .
 On May 26 , 1849 , Nicolae Bălcescu met with Kossuth in Debrecen , and , despite his personal disappointment with the Hungarian discourse and his ideal of full political rights for Romanians in the region , agreed to mediate an understanding with Iancu , which resulted in a ceasefire and a series of political concessions .
His teammate David Coulthard finished second with Rubens Barrichello third for the Ferrari team .
Häkkinen 's car was afflicted with an mechanical fuel pump issue ; this restricted him to one out lap and he was slowest overall .
 In the town the population was spread out with about 13 % under the age of 18 , 7 % from 18 to 24 , 27 % from 25 to 44 , 41 % from 45 to 64 , and 12 @.
The level satisfied UGO because " it would be harder not to enjoy this level in all its beautifully rendered glory — even after you 've broken all the windows and spattered the walls with Combine blood , " and GameSpot commented that " the textures in Lost Coast are noticeably more detailed and numerous than in the retail game . "
Both creeks are approved trout streams for fishing , which means they are stocked with trout in season .
He also commented that Poquita Ropa " finds Arjona at his most naked , backed by spare arrangements of acoustic guitar , piano , and Hammond B @-@ 3 along with occasional touches of strings , woodwinds , and chorus vocals . "
Berlin survived World War II and was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skaggerak after the war to dispose of the munitions .
Matt Donnelly from Los Angeles Times wrote that the " Telephone " music video is a " visual feast , packed with fantastic fashion , girl fights , poisoned diner food , an army of headpieces and lots of Gaga goodness . "
Richard Jennings came into contact with James , Duke of York ( the future James II , brother of King Charles II ) , in 1663 , during negotiations for the recovery of an estate in Kent ( Agney Court ) that had been the property of his mother @-@ in @-@ law , Susan Lister ( nee Temple ) .
Marlborough House remained empty for fourteen years , with the exception of James Stephens , one of her executors , before it became the property of the Dukes of Marlborough upon Stephens 's death .
Eric Henderson of Slant Magazine thought it was " a minor revelation " in comparison to the song itself , though credited Jackson for " juggling CGI in a skin @-@ tight red jumpsuit during what appeared to be the middle ground of her yo @-@ yo weight swings " and " whipping up cosmic dust with that ponytail ( how 's that for an entrance ?
The pain may spread within a few hours , along with tenderness and inflammation .
During some solos , Santiago would often pull the guitar up to his mouth and break guitar strings with his teeth .
Meanwhile , at Miriwinni , winds damaged 50 houses , toppled electrical wires , and strewed roads with debris .
Settle was not pleased with this new and sudden development , as he put much time and effort into the annotations .
She went on to compliment the song for its strong chorus that has the ability to " stick with the listener for days " .
 A man on an international flight injects himself with an insulin pen , which releases a biological agent that quickly kills everyone aboard by causing their flesh to crystallize .
The video opens with a thrown switchblade impaling a spray painted image .
The video closes in the same manner it began , with the switchblade impaling the spray painted image .
In cooperation with Pennsylvania governor James H. Duff , he created the Ohio River Sanitation Commission ( ORANSCO ) to combat pollution in the Ohio River and its tributaries .
To assist the General Assembly in writing more effective and efficient legislation , Clements created the non @-@ partisan Legislative Research Commission , stocked with professionals from various disciplines , to conduct governmental research .
While they are away at their own wedding , Becca steals a hairbrush with Archie 's hair from The Queen Victoria , intending to have a DNA test done on Stacey 's baby to prove if it is really Archie 's .
However , she has doubts and goes back with Stacey to return the brush , but is caught by Ronnie .
Skilfully using chaff to confuse the Allied radar operators , they found the port packed with brightly lit Allied shipping .
@ 4 V is almost the same as the G variant , however , it has a 4 @-@ spoke steering wheel with wood grain , 2 SRS airbags , and has a leather @-@ wrapped wood grain with chrome shift lever and knob .
Nearby are the remains of the old village cross , complete with stocks whose wooden restraints are modern , though the supporting pillars are much older .
The presence of Roman finds was explained as rubbish , mixed in with manure to be spread on the crops .
Skaði provides them with her terms of settlement , and the gods agree that Skaði may choose a husband from among themselves .
In high school , he was known for carrying a backpack filled with basketball equipment , along with an iPod , and a copy of the Book of Mormon .
Squadrons settled into a routine with twenty @-@ four hours in No.1 and No.2 Posts , twenty @-@ four hours in the main trenches and twenty @-@ four hours in support , then back to the outposts .
 Although in early 1998 he was still able to do five reps in the bench press with 495 lbs , three reps in the squat with 855 lbs ( with no suit and no knee wraps ) , and three reps in the standing press with 405 lbs in training , while traveling with the World Wrestling Federation , he never returned to compete again in official championships in favor of his wrestling career .
@ 5 lbs ) raw with knee wraps ( done on October 29 , 1995 WDFPF )
@ 3 ) raw with wraps ( done on October 29 , 1995 WDFPF )
@ 7 lbs raw with wraps
@ 9 ) raw with wraps
@ 3 ) raw with wraps
@ 8 ) raw with wraps
 * * surpassed by Robert Wilkerson ( SHW class ) of the United States with a 975 lbs raw squat with knee wraps on June 7 , 2010 at the Southern Powerlifting Federation ( SPF ) Nationals ( open competition , not drug @-@ tested ) as the all @-@ time raw world record in the SHW class
 * * * surpassed by Sergiy Karnaukhov ( 308 @-@ pound @-@ class ) of Ukraine with a 970 lbs raw squat with knee wraps on November 4 , 2007 as the all @-@ time raw " regardless of weight class " world record
@ 6 lb ) with a loaded 20 @-@ round magazine .
Burnley also worked with The Smashing Pumpkins front man Billy Corgan over the course of six days in December 2003 to write the songs " Rain " , " Forget It " , and " Follow " .
Burnley said of the collaboration , " I love writing with him because he does stuff exactly like I would 've done , " adding , " writing @-@ wise , we 're like the same person . "
The accident inspired West ; two weeks after being admitted to the hospital , he recorded a song at the Record Plant Studios with his jaw still wired shut .
 Carrying a Louis Vuitton backpack filled with old disks and demos to the studio and back , West crafted much of his production for his debut album in less than fifteen minutes at a time .
November 2013 , West stated that he was beginning work on his next studio album , hoping to release it by mid @-@ 2014 , with production by Rick Rubin and Q @-@ Tip .
For a period of time , Kanye West stood as the sole current pop star to tour with a string section , as audible on his 2006 live album Late Orchestration .
The character lives in fictional Middleton , USA with her parents James ( Gary Cole ) and Ann ( Jean Smart ) , a rocket scientist and neurosurgeon respectively , and her younger brothers , identical twins Jim and Tim .
According to McCorkle , Kim has much more in common with James Bond than she does with comic book superheroes .
3 by stand @-@ in captain Lindsay Hassett , Hamence came in at 1 / 64 and put on a partnership of 176 with Bill Brown , ending with 92 as Australia piled on 4 / 414 and won by an innings .
If the entrance to the hole is too large , the female plasters it with mud to reduce its size , and often coats the inside of the cavity too .
 The Eurasian nuthatch eats mainly insects , particularly caterpillars and beetles , although in autumn and winter its diet is supplemented with nuts and seeds .
The young are fed mainly on insects , with some seeds , food items mainly being found on tree trunks and large branches .
Both sexes have a courtship display with a floating , quivering flight , and the male will also make circular flights with a spread tail and raised head .
The nest site is typically 2 – 20 m ( 7 – 66 ft ) above the ground and has a deep base of pine bark or chips of other wood , rarely supplemented with dry plant material .
If the entrance to the hole is too large , it is plastered with mud , clay and sometimes dung to make it smaller .
In autumn and winter , the diet is supplemented with nuts and seeds , hazel nuts and beech mast being preferred .
The young are fed mainly on the insects favoured by their parents , with some seeds .
 After the war , once it was safe for him to return to his native Kentucky , he settled down with much of his family in Bowling Green .
In the NCAA Tournament , Temple was seeded fifth and matched up with 12 seed Cornell in the first round .
Jefferson had been working with James Lemen since at least 1784 and used him as an agent in the Northwest to organize an anti @-@ slavery movement .
Gaga then hung liflessly with one hand rising above her dancers and blood smeared on her face with a golden halo being projected on the screen behind her .
With the arrival of English settlers to Delaware , the King of England called for the construction of " King 's Highways " to provide for right @-@ of @-@ way and communication between people in the colony .
The air was crowded with them , and the surface of the water covered .
When potted , aloes become crowded with " pups " growing from the sides of the " mother plant " , they should be divided and repotted to allow room for further growth and help prevent pest infestations .
 On 21 July 1990 , Morrison joined many other guests for Roger Waters ' massive performance of The Wall – Live in Berlin with an estimated crowd of between three hundred thousand and half a million people and broadcast live on television .
These include Dwight and Andy verbally sparring in the kitchen , Dwight informing Michael that he believes Martin has murdered Meredith , Michael explaining that he created " Prison Mike " in an improvisation class , and Pam giving Andy wildly incorrect tips for hanging out with Jim .
Steam for the turbines was provided by 20 Yarrow boilers , 8 of which burned oil and 12 of which burned coal sprayed with oil .
 Guitar Hero III Mobile features 15 playable songs from Guitar Hero II and Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock with additional expansion packs released every month .
Linfield came out 2 – 1 victors with goals coming from Jamie Mulgrew and Michael Carvill .
It was adorned with paintings of Southwest and Native themes , and had a Mexican @-@ style garden paved with flagstones and decorated with painted pots and tropical plants .
He developed a close relationship with cartoonist James Swinnerton 's first wife Louise , with whom he frequently exchanged letters .
Similarly , in an oft @-@ repeated joke , Ignatz would accidentally become covered with coal dust and would be spurned by the normally love @-@ struck Krazy .
Herriman came to be identified as Black or Creole in comics literature , including his first book @-@ length biography , Krazy Kat : The Comic Art of George Herriman ( 1986 ) , while the " Greek " label stuck with some biographers , and was used by Bill Blackbeard in his introductions to the Krazy and Ignatz volumes in the early 2000s .
The version of the song featured on Channel Orange features an additional string section , opening the track with a swell of strings .
She continued , " despite now being enhanced with a strings intro , his falsetto - more importantly - remains in tact over the well @-@ known warped ebb and flow . "
In the composition and picturisation for the song " Andha Naal Gnaabagam " , Viswanathan was inspired by one of the songs in My Fair Lady ( 1964 ) , in which Rex Harrison sings with a walking stick in hand on a golf course .
 In order to make the Falcon 9 reusable and return to the launch site , extra propellant and landing gear must be carried on the first stage , requiring around a 30 percent reduction of the maximum payload to orbit in comparison with the expendable Falcon 9 .
 The episode ends with Big Bird hanging Mr. Hooper 's picture near his nest , and leaving to go see the new baby .
The system tracked westward with limited shower and thunderstorm activity , crossing Florida on October 26 before moving into the Gulf of Mexico .
In late June , Pułaski , loaded with 2 @,@ 047 troops , sailed from Clyde to join convoy WS 9B headed for Freetown .
 For the month following Scalia 's death , his chair in the Supreme Court chamber and the front of the bench where he sat were draped with black wool crêpe , with more over the court 's entrance , a tradition dating from the death of Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase in 1873 .
 With the BKR scattered under independent leadership throughout the country , the newly formed People 's Security Army ( Tentara Keamaanan Rakjat or TKR , now known as the Tentara Nasional Indonesia ) drew officers mainly from the native members of the former KNIL .
The herd was sprayed with a substance to make it appear ill , and bungee cords were tied to the cows ' legs .
With minimal shower and thunderstorm activity remaining around the center of Laura , the storm degenerated into a remnant @-@ low pressure area on October 1 while still producing tropical storm @-@ force winds .
Ceratopsians developed a method of slicing with teeth stacked on each other in batteries , and iguanodontians refined a method of grinding with tooth batteries , taken to its extreme in hadrosaurids .
 William cultivated close relations with the church in his duchy .
 At first , most of the newly settled Normans kept household knights and did not settle their retainers with fiefs of their own , but gradually these household knights came to be granted lands of their own , a process known as subinfeudation .
Its floral display and fine foliage have made it a popular garden plant with many horticultural selections available .
 The hairpin banksia 's infructescence is a typical Banksia cone @-@ like structure , with up to 100 crowded embedded follicles which are 1 – 2 @.
This form can be very floriferous , with some plants sporting more than 40 inflorescences at any one time .
Socially , they begin exchanging contact calls with their mother at three weeks , and select their mother as their play partner 75 – 80 % of the time during the first three months .
Realising that leaving the monkeys to their own devices could rewrite history in disastrous ways , the Professor tasks Spike with finding all of the monkeys scattered across time and sending them back to the present .
The walls were intended to look like copper that had turned green , which when combined with the red drapes created the Christmas colours of red and green .
 Eventually Kwajalein Island was selected , as it was 4 @,@ 800 miles from California , perfect for ICBMs , and already had a US Navy base with considerable housing stocks and an airstrip .
He reached his century with a scampered run off Rubel Hossain , his first in international cricket , in his third ODI appearance .
 Whilst playing for Tottenham Hotspur Greaves took out a £ 1 @,@ 000 bank loan to start a packing business with his brother @-@ in @-@ law .
Similarly , there is the incident where Alvy scatters a trove of cocaine with an accidental sneeze : although not in the script , the joke emerged from a rehearsal happenstance and stayed in the movie .
He was acquainted with the mathematician Gottfried Leibniz , and was a regular correspondent on a wide array of scientific subjects with Philadelphia merchant and politician James Logan .
@ 3 mi ) , the route nudges northward into Brampton , interchanging with Dixie Road ( Peel Regional Road 4 ) and Bramalea Road , as well as a CN railway line , before crossing Steeles Avenue ( Peel Regional Road 15 ) .
A partial interchange with Weston Road ( York Regional Road 56 ) lies just west of the large four @-@ level stack interchange with Highway 400 , the only of its kind in Ontario .
After interchanging with Keele Street ( York Regional Road 6 ) , the route gently curves northward , passing under the CN Newmarket Subdivision , which carries the GO Transit Barrie Line and crossing the Don River .
Highway 407 continues straight eastward into a residential area , interchanging with Kennedy Road ( York Regional Road 3 ) , McCowan Road ( York Regional Road 67 ) and Markham Road ( York Regional Road 68 ) where it crosses the river and diverges from both the CN line and power transmission corridor .
He chose obbligato instruments to differentiate the character of the three arias : two flutes with the tenor expressing the " lowly birth " , oboe d 'amore with the alto , representing God 's love , and trumpet , oboes and strings with the bass for his call to sing songs of joy together .
Perry — performing under the mad scientist stage persona of " MC Large Drink " — would engage in absurdist shock rock antics such as mock crucifixion , flag burning and slathering his body with various foods and liquids .
Instead you 're struck by the beauty of watching a row of drummers ' hands as they blur with the rhythm their sticks are beating out . "
They were untitled , only numbered in an approximate chronological sequence , strewn with dashes and irregularly capitalized , and often extremely elliptical in their language .
Fletcher opined that the allegations in the report were inconsistent with his settlement with Stumbo , which acknowledged that Fletcher 's administration acted " without malice . "
In 1767 , a system of land ownership was established in which the island was divided into 67 lots of about 20 @,@ 000 acres ( 81 km2 ) each , with settlers living on parcels of this land rented out by the proprietors , or the owners of the lots of land .
Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly said that " like most remixes , we ’ ll stick with the original " .
Irving injects himself with a parasite variant , Las Plagas , and mutates into a huge octopus @-@ like beast .
Chris and Sheva follow Wesker to a bomber loaded with missiles containing the Uroboros virus , injecting him with additional doses .
Other trains arrived from London via the loop , connecting with steamer services to Canada and Jamaica .
Luke ( Nolan Gould ) decides to teach her by squirting her with a water gun , and Gloria manages to ride it , but soon fails after Claire steals her bike while Gloria is still on it .
He also praised the scene featuring Luke spraying Gloria with a water gun and then later drinking from it saying that " it reminded us that this new hard @-@ ass is still Luke at the end of the day " .
The Masonic Theater in Nashville was crowded with those who had come to see the game detailed .
 In 1098 , Edgar of Scotland signed a treaty with Magnus that settled much of the boundary between the Scots and Norwegian claims in the islands .
To achieve the dust visible after Woody is placed on top of a shelf , the crew was faced with the challenge of animating dust , an incredibly difficult task .
 Toy Story 2 was released on both VHS and DVD and as a DVD two @-@ pack with Toy Story on October 17 , 2000 .
Other shrubs with adaptive properties include greasewood , sagebrush , shadscale , broom snakeweed , antelope bitterbrush , and purple sage .
One student quoted in The Washington Post embraced the ethos of the campaign , saying , " When I sing red songs , I find a kind of spirit I never felt when singing modern songs … To surround yourself with material stuff is just a waste of time . "
During this period , efforts were made by Cornish engineers to design steam engines with which to power water pumps for Cornish mines thus aiding the extraction of mineral ore .
Initially , the number of migrants was comparatively small , with those who left Cornwall typically settling in North America or else amongst the ports and plantations of the Caribbean .
The game 's characterisation in particular was well received , with Eurogamer commending Stuffwell , who was compared to Fawful , a character in Superstar Saga .
At approximately 3 : 30 in the afternoon the 22nd Massachusetts , with the rest of Colonel James Barnes 's brigade , crossed one of the pontoon bridges and moved through a railroad cut to the outskirts of the city .
It was varnished with linseed oil gum thinned with turpentine .
To do this , the empty balloon was spread out on the ground with plenty of room around it .
However , more recently , long barrows have been defined as having long earthen mounds with wooden internal structures , whereas chambered tombs , while also being covered by a long mound , have internal chambers built of stone .
With James S. Allen , Rossi found gas mixtures of high electron mobility and low electron attachment .
In his talk , on 11 July 1953 , he reported that conference results , which he had compiled with the aid of Powell and Fretter , were consistent with this scheme , which was commonly used afterwards .
With the aid of three counters deployed on the roof of the MIT Physics building during the winter of 1952 / 53 , they found that shower particles arrived within only one or two meters of a disk , which travels at nearly the speed of light in the direction of the shower axis .
These capabilities combine the " fast @-@ timing " method of determining shower arrival directions with the density sampling method of determining their size and the location of their axes .
The right gunner was to prime the piece and load it with powder , while the left gunner would fetch the powder from the magazine and keep ready to fire the cannon at the officer 's command .
Coming in for a landing , a fuel line on his aircraft broke , spraying him with fuel and damaging his left eye .
He then worked with the Draper Laboratory and the Hertz Foundation .
The match was a turning point for Welsh rugby , who won 12 – 3 , but the selectors stuck with Bedell @-@ Sivright who won another 21 caps for his country .
 Bedell @-@ Sivright was so impressed with Australia that he decided to settle there .
Because of the significance of the summer season to the story , Omori deliberately loaded the film with summer scenes , such as rustling leaves and chirring of cicadas .
According to Yokoyama and Satou , elements of the story that exhibited strong elements of Japanese culture included the watermelon eating scene , the part where Gin hits young Hotaru over the head with a stick , and the scene where young Hotaru gets scared at night when she sees the face of a yōkai in the patterns of the wood panels on the ceiling .
 In the recent years , Lafayette College students earned numerous national and international scholarships , For the class of 2012 , Lafayette gave financial aid to 66 % of the students , with the average package amounting to $ 26 @,@ 850 for all students .
He was a presenter for the Apollo 9 and Apollo 10 missions , and a commenter , with Cliff Michelmore and James Burke , for BBC television 's coverage of the Moon landing missions .
 On August 18 , an area of showers and thunderstorms associated with a trough formed about 520 km ( 320 mi ) west @-@ southwest of Guam .
Unlike geysers on Earth , these represent eruptions of volatiles , together with entrained dust or ice particles , without liquid .
These plumes represent invisible jets of gaseous nitrogen , together with dust .
Desson Thomson of The Washington Post described The Hudsucker Proxy as being " pointlessly flashy and compulsively overloaded with references to films of the 1930s .
 Just as a hot rod of iron inserted into a tube filled with sesame seeds burns them up , in the same way , many beings get killed during sexual intercourse
Tying up , injuring , mutilating , burdening with heavy load and depriving from food and drinks any animal or human being with a mind polluted by anger and other passions are the five aticāra or transgressions of the vow of ahimsa .
From the real point of view , a man does not become a killer only because he has killed or because the world is crowded with souls , or remain innocent only because he has not killed physically .
Anekantavada describes the world as a multifaceted , ever @-@ changing reality with an infinity of viewpoints relative to the time , place , nature and state of one who is the viewer and that which is viewed .
Most Jain recipes substitute for potato with plantain .
The company itself considered that yields were proving to be " disappointing " , with actual yields for the woodlots planted in the period between 1994 and 1997 ( and thus harvested by 2008 ) being between 120 and 200 tonnes per hectare .
Plantation growth had been limited by drought conditions and issues with the site and seedling quality of early plantings .
Smith was part of Muzorewa 's delegation that settled with Britain and the revolutionary guerrillas at Lancaster House , and following Zimbabwe 's recognised independence in 1980 , he was Leader of the Opposition during Mugabe 's first seven years in power .
 Amid rumours that UDI was imminent , Smith arrived in London with the declared intent of settling the independence issue on 4 October 1965 , but flew home eight days later with the matter unresolved .
 The Finca Vigia became crowded with guests and tourists , as Hemingway , beginning to become unhappy with life there , considered a permanent move to Idaho .
 Developing this connection between Hemingway and other modernist writers , Irene Gammel believes his style was carefully cultivated and honed with an eye toward the avant @-@ garde of the era .
The problem had been mounting for some years , with an ageing and inadequate sewer system that emptied directly into the Thames .
The disease was deeply feared by all , because of the speed with which it could spread , and its high fatality rates .
London was mapped into high- , middle- and low @-@ level areas , with a main sewer servicing each ; a series of pumping stations was planned to remove the waste towards the east of the city .
The ships departed at 17 : 00 on 8 September , their decks loaded with the division 's vehicles and stores .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Andrew Cunningham was concerned that the Italian battle fleet based at Taranto might sortie and attack the cruisers which would be unable to defend themselves adequately , overloaded as they were with troops and equipment .
Afterward , he based himself in Cairo where he served as the chief ambassador of the Syrian @-@ Palestinian Congress , cultivating particularly strong ties with Saudi Arabia .
 In the summer of 1925 tensions between the Druze chiefs of the Hauran led by Sultan Pasha al @-@ Atrash and the French authorities culminated with the Great Syrian Revolt , which spread throughout Syria within months .
The band started jamming in a local warehouse shared with four punk rock bands .
The album will feature 15 live recordings from the band 's various 2011 @-@ 2012 tours and is to be released on November 13 on a two disc set or download with 4 bonus tracks , with pre @-@ orders of the album having a six track rarities & B @-@ sides EP .
However , the pits and its associated chambers formed the base floor of the superstructure , which was made up by filling the pits and covering it with mud plaster , and occasionally painted in red ochre .
A very impressive painted pottery ware recovered from this period was a globular red ware pot made on a turntable ; the painting on the pot was of a wild goat of black colour with long horns and hanging ears .
Vocals were recorded by Michael Congdon at the In Your Ear Studios in Richmond , Virginia , with assistance by Dustin Faltz .
However , later historians disagree with this theory , saying that the Duke of Norfolk 's spaniels were of the King Charles type and that terrier stock had nothing to do with the origins of the Norfolk Spaniel .
The change in terminology was not smooth or immediate , with James Watson in his 1905 work , The Dog Book , still referring to the Norfolk Spaniel as a breed name .
 = Brush with Greatness =
 " Brush with Greatness " is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' second season .
 In its original broadcast , " Brush with Greatness " finished thirty @-@ seventh in the ratings for the week of April 8 – 14 , 1991 , with a Nielsen rating of 12 @.
Doug Pratt , a DVD reviewer and Rolling Stone contributor , wrote that " Brush with Greatness " has a " well thought @-@ out " plot and he enjoyed the use of Starr and Marge 's previously undiscovered talents .
Paul A. Cantor , the author of the book Gilligan Unbound : Pop Culture in the Age of Globalization , said the " once again Brian K. Roberts proves his genius with ' Brush with Greatness ' in a superb work where Marge cultivates her wonderful artistic side . "
Overall , ' Brush with Greatness ' provided a terrific episode . "
Although Starr did not mention " Brush with Greatness " in the video , several media sources compared his announcement to his portrayal in the episode .
Nick McDowell , a member of the Orders and Medals Society of America said that an alternative to adding a new medal could be adding a new ribbon device to an existing medal , and said that " The problem is that we 're adding another non @-@ valor personal decoration into a system that is already crowded with non @-@ valor personal decorations . "
One of the state bedrooms has another survivor of the fire , a Jacobean stone fireplace with a plaster overmantel relief depicting Cain and Abel .
The lake drained away in 1941 when a dam burst , and the area is now planted with poplars .
Rather than either the Jacobean mansion or its High Victorian interiors , their style derives from buildings of the Home Counties , with tile hanging , incised pargetting , half @-@ hipped gables and high chimneys .
Kirill stumbles out of the monastery into the snowy countryside and is pursued by his dog , but Kirill savagely beats it with his walking stick and leaves it for dead .
As he leaves , the apprentice finds a dead swan and pokes at it with a stick .
The British ordered troops of 2 / 18 battalion of Royal Garhwal Rifles to open fire with machine guns on the unarmed crowd , killing an estimated 200 – 250 .
Both wing and cockpit were set above the fuselage to provide the greatest amount of room for the cargo compartment , and to ensure that they did not interfere with the loading of vehicles ; the compartment measured approximately 32 feet 31 @.
The final three were packed with ammunition and stores , as well as a number of sappers from the Royal Engineers ; these were experimental loads , as it was believed that the Hamilcar might be a more efficient way of transporting supplies rather than the Horsa due to its larger size .
Twelve were assigned to 716th Airborne Light Composite Company of the Royal Army Service Corps , and were loaded with twelve Universal Carriers , trailers and stores of ammunition and equipment .
In North America , it can be confused with the poisonous Rubroboletus pulcherrimus , which has a fatter stalk and deeper red pores .
Field studies indicate that the fungus , when paired as a mycorrhizal partner with seedlings of the conifer Cunninghamia lanceolata , increases the seedling 's survival rate , augments its height and ground diameter , and increases the chlorophyll content in the leaves .
A similar growth @-@ enhancing effect had been noted earlier with Pinus taiwanensis seedlings .
 On 11 November 2004 , a French Army Honor Guard held a brief ceremony for Arafat , with his coffin draped in a Palestinian flag .
With an extensive knowledge of the Sonoran Desert , Eytel traveled with author George Wharton James as he wrote the successful Wonders of the Colorado Desert , and contributed over 300 drawings to the 1908 work .
Camelford retreated upstairs and fired upon the crowd with a pistol .
 Infection with rubella during pregnancy causes fewer than 1 % of cases of autism ; vaccination against rubella can prevent many of those cases .
Her friend Shirley Berman described her as having " many different crowds of friends , and I think she was a different personality with each crowd ... She wasn 't an even personality at all , but she was always a very gracious person . "
The restored eastern gatehouse is carved with the badge of the Hungerfords and the initials of the first Sir Edward Hungerford , who had them carved there between 1516 and 1522 .
As part of the agreement for the 2014 Games , the International Olympic Committee had to pay around $ 8 million to insure NHLers playing in Sochi , a price tag that was a major sticking point during negotiations with the NHL , NHLPA , and IIHF , making this a one @-@ time deal that may make participating in the 2018 Games unlikely .
She [ Norris ] took earth samples from all three of the plantations to match the clothes , " McQueen said , " and she had the conversation with Sean [ Bobbitt ] to deal with the character temperature on each plantation , there was a lot of that minute detail . "
 With James Lillywhite acting as their agent , the first official Australian team to tour England was managed by John Conway and captained by Dave Gregory .
Another wicket fell to Boyle in the next over and MCC were 5 – 2 but , with Hornby and Arthur Ridley seemingly settling in , they pushed the total on to 27 .
After his return , he continued to assert his rights and settled a number of disputes with his bishops .
The dispute with Aymer was only settled in early 1253 .
In late February 1894 , he convened an indaba at which he and his contemporaries met with James Dawson , a trader known to them for many years , who offered the olive branch on behalf of the Company .
As the dam site dried out , the foundations were excavated down to bedrock ; cracks in the rock were injected with so @-@ called " dental concrete " to stabilize the foundation .
Plants in this family have evolved with a fair amount of morphological diversity despite genetic similarity .
 The Liliaceae family are characterised as monocotyledonous , perennial , herbaceous , bulbous ( or rhizomatous in the case of Medeoleae ) flowering plants with simple trichomes ( root hairs ) and contractile roots .
Over time the Liliaceae became increasingly broadly , and somewhat arbitrarily defined as all species of plants with six tepals and a superior ovary , eventually coming to encompass about 300 genera and 4 @,@ 500 species , within the order Liliales in the Cronquist system ( 1981 ) .
Scoliopus , Erythronium and Gagea ) have seeds with an aril structure that are dispersed by ants ( myrmecochory ) .
They are generally used in outdoor gardens and other displays , although in common with many bulbous flowering plants they are often induced to bloom indoors , particularly during the winter months .
A large number Chinese Mexicans assisted U.S. forces in Mexico during the expedition and upon its completion in early 1917 , they were threatened with hanging by Villa .
Guitar sounds are spread throughout occasionally with shouting voices being heard in the background .
They do not , however , suggest any trend of changing body size with absolute latitude , or of change in size over time ( although the megatooth lineage in general is thought to display a trend of increasing size over time ) .
Twelfth @-@ round selection Dave Logan , the lowest @-@ round draft selection to stick with the team , went on to become one of the Buccaneers ' best and most popular players .
And there wasn 't a dude that I hung out with that wasn 't trying to draw Eddie on their schoolbooks " , while their music also helped Jesper Strömblad of In Flames to pioneer the melodic death metal genre , stating that he had wanted to combine death metal with Iron Maiden 's melodic guitar sounds .
@ 2 pounds ( 540 g ) with stimulation provided by its rubberized 2 @.
The authors described use of the device to decrease discomfort before procedures including supplementing anesthesia with the injection of triamcinolone acetonide into the proximal nail fold for psoriasis , decreasing discomfort during a Restylane injection of the nasolabial fold , making an Intense Pulsed Light ( IPL ) facial treatment easier by reducing pain during the procedure , and throughout axillary hyperhidrosis treatment with botulinum toxin .
 After a thorough pre @-@ flight check I would take off and , once at circuit height , I would trim the aircraft and try to get her to fly straight and level with hands off the stick ... Once the trim was satisfactory I would take the Spitfire up in a full @-@ throttle climb at 2 @,@ 850 rpm to the rated altitude of one or both supercharger blowers .
While it did not cure the problem of the initial fuel starvation in a dive , it did reduce the more serious problem of the carburettor being flooded with fuel by the fuel pumps under negative " g " .
It may have been introduced to North America with exotic plants .
A 1944 Navy Bureau of Ships report suggests that a hatch leading to the black powder magazine was left open , possibly with flammable materials stocked nearby .
Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all varieties of gastrointestinal ailments : when stomach pains progressed to internal hemorrhaging , an Egyptian treatment consisted of saffron crocus seeds mixed and crushed together with aager @-@ tree remnants , ox fat , coriander , and myrrh .
Roman colonists took saffron with them when they settled in southern Roman Gaul , where it was extensively cultivated until the AD 271 barbarian invasion of Italy .
 On a representation of an outcrop of the Canadian Shield proper strewn with maple leaves Gules and maple seeds Or two raven @-@ bears Gules over Argent wings elevated Gules beaked and armed Or .
 After stuffing themselves with turkey on Thanksgiving , it is time to take the annual Christmas card family photo , and when Bart and Lisa complain about it , Marge notes that they will grow to appreciate the photos when they become older and have children of their own .
Robert Canning of IGN strongly praised the episode , saying it is " not only very funny , but it 's also loaded with Simpson heart . "
Trenchard kept the long hours he spent reading quiet , but in so doing succeeded in providing himself with an education where the service crammers had failed .
He hobbled with the aid of sticks down the gangplank where his concerned parents met him .
Like Edward , he studied with Birmingham City Organist James Stimpson and in August 1858 , aged 16 , he travelled to Germany to attend the Leipzig Conservatory .
Konnan and Killings feuded with The Outlaw and " The Alpha Male " Monty Brown , with James 's loyalties divided .
Brown and The Outlaw , who had by now renamed himself " Kip James " , defeated Konnan and Killings at No Surrender on July 17 , 2005 , with James declining to help either team .
The two teams faced one another in a No Surrender rematch on August 14 , 2005 at Sacrifice , with James appointed guest referee by Director of Authority Larry Zbyszko , and James reaffirmed his loyalty to the Kru by attacking Kip , enabling Konnan to pin him and win the match .
 On July 17 , 2013 , Sony released a clip from the film with the first released footage of Jamie Foxx as Electro to encourage attendance at the panel , at the San Diego Comic @-@ Con International .
The Los Angeles Times said , " [ The film is ] overstuffed with plot lines , set pieces and villains , although stars Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone do their best to give the movie heart . "
 Tim Robey of The Telegraph said , " Marc Webb 's Spider @-@ Man sequel is overstuffed with high @-@ voltage villains , but the sparks between Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone save the day " .
Richard Roeper gave the film a B + , stating that " It 's about 20 minutes too long and it 's overstuffed with too many characters and too many subplots , but there 's enough good stuff in The Amazing Spider @-@ Man 2 to warrant optimism about the next chapter of the franchise . "
Online compared the video with the one for " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) " ( 2008 ) , adding that it " sticks with the power of black and white " , and describing the set as " naughty " .
They can be either smooth , or covered with scattered , warty or finger @-@ like thin @-@ walled brownish diverticulae .
people of the fields " ) of what is now Greater Poland , gave rise to a tribal predecessor of the Polish state in the early part of the 10th century , with the Polans settling in the flatlands around the emerging strongholds of Giecz , Poznań , Gniezno and Ostrów Lednicki .
Władysław was helped by his alliances with Hungary ( his daughter Elizabeth was married to King Charles Robert in 1320 ) and Lithuania ( 1325 pact against the Teutonic State and the marriage of Łokietek 's son Casimir to Aldona , daughter of Lithuanian ruler Gediminas ) , and from 1329 by a peace agreement with Brandenburg .
Internationally , the Polish king was very active diplomatically , cultivated close contacts with other European rulers and was a staunch defender of the Polish national interest .
 During the reign of Louis I , Poland formed a union with Hungary .
 The ride begins with Evac moving out of the loading station and making a turn .
Megatron grabs Evac and the two struggle until Megatron breaks a water pipe , which sprays riders with water .
Still , he supported policies aimed at turning the Cossacks into serfs , which was one of the main causes of unrest in Ukraine ; this , along with his decision to settle his soldiers ' living expenses on the local populace instead of paying them wages , led to his extreme unpopularity in Ukraine .
At his death , he owned 12 starostwo districts , with over 300 settlements , including dozens of towns , giving him yearly revenues of over 500 @,@ 000 złoty .
They can dig through the snow with their horns to find buried plants .
The analysis found that , on the second recasting , instead of adding pure tin to the bell metal , Pass and Stow added cheap pewter with a high lead content , and incompletely mixed the new metal into the mold .
Etty 's biographer Leonard Robinson contends that the later fairy paintings of Richard Dadd , which often show large crowds of mythical creatures mingling with humans , were influenced by Etty but concedes that Dadd was likely unconscious of Etty 's influence on his style .
 Agito 's original release was plagued with multiple issues including long load times , which the team sought to rectify through updates .
Because Abe had not anticipated resistance , his battleships ' main guns were loaded with high @-@ explosive shells for bombarding Henderson Field , and thus they were unable to open fire immediately while the switch was made to armor @-@ piercing shells .
A handful of men were left at the pontoon bridge with loaded cannons to fire on British attempts to cross it , but they were drunk when the British arrived the next morning .
 In the fifth and deciding game of the 1984 World Series against the San Diego Padres , Kuntz pinch @-@ hit for designated hitter Johnny Grubb with the bases loaded and the score tied at three .
These were also stuffed with magic herbs to ward off evil spirits .
 They followed Conrad 's route fairly peacefully , although Louis came into conflict with king Geza of Hungary when Geza discovered Louis had allowed an attempted Hungarian usurper to join his army .
A lot of Jeff 's stuff has a very punky vibe this time ; the stuff I write sounds thrashy but with a hint of punk , and when Jeff writes the stuff is more punk with a hint of thrash .
Besides the gardens in the minor courtyards , the main inner courtyard has eight large raised planting circles with a variety of trees and bushes .
The wreck is generally intact although draped with snagged fishing nets .
In recent years , native wild plants have been allowed to mingle with rare and exotic specimens and continual thought is being given to contrasting textures and colours of foliage .
Corruption 's gameplay differs from that of Prime and Echoes ; the assisted aiming is replaced with free aiming with the Wii Remote , and the interchangeable beams is replaced with a stackable upgrade system .
Pollock made a special trip with James Brooks for the session .
High waves in conjunction with strong gusts scattered boats in the nearby Saint John River .
The waters around Borneo support a small population , with more scattered throughout the Malay archipelago .
This problem , coupled with the " poor quality of manufacture of the guns , the unsatisfactory profile of the breech , resulted in a firing cycle of only 3 @-@ 4 rounds per minute during the early trials with jams and failures frequent " , rather than the planned 10 rounds per minute .
Five @-@ round ready racks for each gun were added to the sides of the turrets during the refit to compensate for any problems with the loading systems .
The online music file @-@ sharing company Napster also settled a lawsuit with him and heavy metal rock band Metallica in the summer of 2001 , agreeing to block access to certain files that artists do not want to have shared on the network .
wrote lyrics for him while he stuck with producing .
The two fought at Survivor Series , with Melina losing to Stratus with the help of Mickie James .
, Melina unintentionally attacked Phoenix with her boot during a lumberjill match with Mickie James .
The next night on Raw , Melina teamed with former rival Mickie James in a tag team match against Beth Phoenix and Katie Lea in a losing effort .
On June 23 , 2008 , Perez suffered a heel injury after falling from the turnbuckles during a tag team match with Mickie James against Natalya and Victoria .
 Melina returned from injury on the November 24 episode of Raw , teaming with former rivals Mickie James and Candice Michelle to defeat Phoenix , Jillian Hall , and Katie Lea Burchill .
On the November 23 episode of Raw , Melina teamed up with Mickie James and Kelly Kelly to defeat Jillian Hall and LayCool ( Michelle McCool and Layla ) .
 On April 13 , 2008 , she appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club Boot Camp along with Mickie James , Layla , and Kelly Kelly .
Brueys was also confident that the British fleet , strung out and with nightfall approaching , would not attack that day .
Despite this , Lois decides to go to Dr. Hartman to have the in vitro fertilization performed , enduring more of Dr. Hartman 's shtick involving celebrity crossbreeds and having a tribe of bush men implant the egg with blowguns .
Austria @-@ Hungary , displeased with the settlement that left Crete with a Greek ruler but nominally under Turkish control , withdrew its ships in March 1898 , before the other members of the international fleet .
Though champion players with cues sometimes dabbled in finger billiards , it was said even of such greats as Jacob Schaefer , George Slosson , and Eugene Carter that " their work , compared with that of the Finger Wonder , is like a novice playing an expert . "
Queen Joan , although wounded , managed to evade the attackers and was eventually reunited with her son James II in Edinburgh Castle .
From 1421 , Douglas had been in regular contact with James and they formed an alliance that was to prove pivotal in 1423 .
Buchan 's lands did not fall to the Albany Stewarts but were forfeited by the crown , Albany 's father @-@ in @-@ law , Duncan , Earl of Lennox was imprisoned and in December the duke 's main ally Alexander Stewart , Earl of Mar settled his differences with the king .
Even in the midst of the Basel general council , Pope Eugenius instructed his legate , Bishop Antonio Altan of Urbino , to meet with James to raise the issue of the king 's controversial anti @-@ barratry laws of 1426 .
With James ’ s intention to form an alliance with the Ulster O 'Donnells of Tyreconnell against the MacDonalds , the English became distrustful of the Scottish king ’ s motives and they themselves tried to bring James the Fat to England .
Four summer campaigns against the Lordship were now officially at an end with James 's wishes having effectively been blocked by parliament .
In the spring of 1436 Princess Margaret sailed to France and in August Scotland entered the war with James leading a large army to lay siege to the English enclave of Roxburgh Castle .
This can be extended by up to 32GB with the use of a Memory Stick Micro ( M2 ) flash card .
In 1996 , Sony released the PlayStation Analog Joystick for use with flight simulation games .
In addition to selling the controllers individually , Sony also plans to provide several different bundle options for PlayStation Move hardware ; including a starter kit with a PS Eye , a Move motion controller , and a demo / sampler disc , priced under US $ 100 ; a full console pack with a PS3 console , DualShock 3 gamepad , PS Eye , and Move motion controller ; and bundles of a Move motion controller with select games .
Subscribers received two PlayStation CDs , along with a booklet and colorful packaging every quarter .
By 2001 , Sony had decided to phase out Underground to focus on the JamPacks with the release of the PlayStation 2 .
However , she claims that the compound has not yet been invented and that if Yonechi was injected with the chemical , he may not be dead .
 Lisa locates the elderly man and confronts him ; however , he injects her with the chemical after explaining that Lisa will be responsible for the coming future .
Gordon and Greenwalt got together in Simi Valley and had difficulties in creating a good plot ; the one they initially worked with the most , involving a prisoner that gets free by changing his body with another man , was eventually discarded as Gordon felt it was too similar to other episodes written by him .
The first successes used a pyrophyllite tube seeded at each end with thin pieces of diamond .
@ 5 acres ( 10 @,@ 000 m2 ) site planted with grass and native deciduous trees .
The burial ground covers most of the site 's land and is planted with grass and trees .
The town 's chief , Cheulah , presented Timberlake with a string of beads and held another pipe @-@ smoking ceremony .
It follows the chord progression B ♭ – Gm – E ♭ – F. The track 's instrumentation is gently guided by mandolin and acoustic guitar , with accents of brushed drums .
The Italian freighter Unione was sailing with a load of coal from Clyde for Genoa when U @-@ 66 torpedoed her off Land 's End .
After U @-@ 66 torpedoed Neath at 08 : 45 , the bark , en route from Martinique to Le Havre with a load of sugar , sank in seven minutes .
The same day , Manchester Miller , a 4 @,@ 234 @-@ ton steamer sailing from Philadelphia for Manchester with a load of cotton , was sunk about 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ; 12 mi ) away from Amor when she was hit by a torpedo from U @-@ 66 .
Cotton hybrids , created by crossing the Bt gene into traditional varieties , have been developed by local firms dealing with seeds .
She also has an argument to settle with Mitsuomi Takayanagi .
Converted from the cross @-@ Channel packet ship SS Engadine , she was initially fitted with temporary hangars for three seaplanes for aerial reconnaissance and bombing missions in the North Sea .
 At 22 : 00 on 16 December 1941 , Corregidor left its dock in Manila in total darkness , loaded to overcapacity with Filipino civilians seeking to escape to the southern Philippines after the war had started .
 In the CDP the population was spread out with 27 % under the age of 18 , 5 % from 18 to 24 , 29 % from 25 to 44 , 31 % from 45 to 64 , and 8 % who were 65 years of age or older .
 Irving , along with James Fenimore Cooper , was among the first American writers to earn acclaim in Europe , and Irving encouraged American authors such as Nathaniel Hawthorne , Herman Melville , Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , and Edgar Allan Poe .
The 1798 outbreak of yellow fever in Manhattan prompted his family to send him to healthier climes upriver , and Irving was dispatched to stay with his friend James Kirke Paulding in Tarrytown , New York .
Buildings were made out of dry stone masonry , with the walls and floors of the older houses plastered with a concoction of clay and cow @-@ dung .
 Orderly new building complexes with " simple visual discipline with white plastered walls , lancer arch windows , cornices , sloping sheet roofs , wooden eaves and deep verandahs were planned and built " .
 Festivity Songs Chambyals celebrate many fairs and festivals with great pump and show .
In the third period , Wild forward Mikko Koivu hit Öhlund in the head with his elbow , and Öhlund retaliated by slashing Koivu in the leg with his stick , breaking Koivu 's fibula .
Jack and Owen catch John and the rest of the team at the car park where John arrived and inject him with the team 's DNA , thus confusing the device into detaching from John .
During this quest , Lionel falls into a catatonic state after being uploaded with Kryptonian knowledge .
 Hayley Atwell reprises her role from the film series and One @-@ Shot as Carter , with James D 'Arcy , Chad Michael Murray , Enver Gjokaj , and Shea Whigham also starring .
The woody separator is the same shape as the seed , with an impression where the seed body lies next to it .
 Field volunteers for The Banksia Atlas recorded plants with large adult and juvenile leaves up to 38 cm ( 15 in ) long along the Tully to Mission Beach Road , and a population of smaller shrub @-@ sized plants to 3 m ( 10 ft ) high with small narrow leaves 13 cm ( 5 @.
@ 2 in ) wide at Coronation Lookout in Wooroonooran National Park , plants with normal morphology occurring further down the mountain .
Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil / coal burning .
These were covered by cannons that were placed where they could be most effective , and a wicket gate that flanked a large part of the wall , was left open but cross @-@ barred , to make it difficult for attacking soldiers to enter but also to channel their advance towards a cannon that had been placed at the gate to enfilade its approach with showers of grapeshot .
The water situation was made worse for the defenders when about a hundred earthen vessels stocked with water , stored in a portico , were destroyed in the bombardment .
 More than one scene proved problematic for Breezy during the filming of the episode , as the decontamination room set was an enclosed four wall set , meaning that in the scene where Archer rubs down Porthos with decontamination gel , Breezy 's trainer Scott Rowe couldn 't be on the set with her .
Its roof is covered with living sedum plants , rainwater is collected for re @-@ use , and the building 's energy profile is reduced using solar water heating , wind turbines and geothermal heat pumps .
The saltmarsh contains glassworts and common cord grass in the most exposed regions , with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established : first sea aster , then mainly sea lavender , with sea purslane in the creeks and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants .
After leaving school Bostock was employed as an apprentice with the Marconi Company for two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half years , and spent time at sea as a wireless operator .
Promoted to sergeant , Bostock was posted to Egypt with the ANZAC Mounted Division in April 1916 , and saw action against Turkish forces in the Sinai Peninsula .
On 14 September 1944 , Bostock had an audience with Prime Minister Curtin , wherein the latter outlined his preferences for the deployment of RAAF Command , particularly that it should be represented in forward Allied operations , and employed primarily in the support of Australian ground forces .
Bostock concurred with Curtin ; the Prime Minister meanwhile authorised changing No.
His military was equipped with the sizeable stock of arms he procured from coastal traders in western Madagascar .
As designed , the ship would have had a displacement of 3 @,@ 000 metric tons ( 3 @,@ 000 long tons ; 3 @,@ 300 short tons ) , with a full load combat displacement of 3 @,@ 800 t ( 3 @,@ 700 long tons ; 4 @,@ 200 short tons ) .
As designed , the ship would have had a displacement of 4 @,@ 025 metric tons ( 3 @,@ 961 long tons ; 4 @,@ 437 short tons ) , with a full load combat displacement of 4 @,@ 850 t ( 4 @,@ 770 long tons ; 5 @,@ 350 short tons ) .
The Manchester United defence backed away from the Spaniard , who – after exchanging passes with Lionel Messi – played the ball into the path of Samuel Eto 'o in the Manchester United penalty area .
This was then confirmed by the group 's official Instagram profile in which an image was uploaded with the caption " DCFC LP8 begins " .
, not hollow or stuffed with a pith ) , and roughly the same width throughout its length .
The world is scattered with outposts controlled by Pagan Min , which can be infiltrated by players .
They were unrecognizable because they were covered with dust , plaster , and blood .
His father , Lorenzo Barbirolli ( 1864 – 1928 ) , was a Venetian violinist who had settled in London with his wife , Louise Marie , née Ribeyrol ( 1870 – 1962 ) .
The Musical Times also noted , " From his earliest days with the orchestra it was the string tone that commanded immediate attention and respect .
He made three operatic sets for HMV : Purcell 's Dido and Aeneas with Victoria de los Ángeles ( 1966 ) , Verdi 's Otello with James McCracken , Gwyneth Jones and Dietrich Fischer @-@ Dieskau ( 1969 ) , and a set of Madama Butterfly with Renata Scotto , Carlo Bergonzi and Rome Opera forces that has remained in the catalogues since its first issue in 1967 .
Later in his career , he was also a consultant with his partner Benjamin Baker and with James Henry Greathead on two of London 's first tube railways , the City and South London Railway and the Central London Railway .
The earliest law code to survive was the one established in the year 653 , which was divided into 500 articles specifying different crimes and penalties ranging from ten blows with a light stick , one hundred blows with a heavy rod , exile , penal servitude , or execution .
 The Tang Empire competed with the Tibetan Empire for control of areas in Inner and Central Asia , which was at times settled with marriage alliances such as the marrying of Princess Wencheng ( d .
 There was a long string of conflicts with Tibet over territories in the Tarim Basin between 670 – 692 , and in 763 the Tibetans even captured the capital of China , Chang 'an , for fifteen days during the An Shi Rebellion .
 Shortly after its launch in North America , Sega began shipping the Sega CD with the pack @-@ in game Sewer Shark , a full motion video ( FMV ) game developed by Digital Pictures , a company that became an important partner for Sega .
In 2009 , AtGames began producing two new variations : the Firecore , which can play original Genesis cartridges as well as preloaded games , and a handheld console preloaded with 20 Genesis games .
 Above is the Great Chamber , an impressive room with a barrel ceiling with geometrical plaster decoration featuring John Lyte 's arms and those of his wife , Edith Horsey .
 The orchard contains fruit trees such as quinces , medlars , crab apples and pears are underplanted with spring @-@ flowering meadow plants such as snakeshead fritillaries , camassias , narcissus , cowslips and lady 's smock .
A short tunnel of hornbeams link the Pond Garden to the Vase Garden , where variegated weigela is underplanted with euphorbia and vinca .
Montgomery also said , " It 's a blockbuster , loaded with eye @-@ popping special effects — the titular transformations are particularly great looking , as are the scene @-@ to @-@ scene transitions — and frighteningly precise pop @-@ and @-@ lock moves from Brown himself . "
Stevie leaves , and Tom settles down with Migg on the sofa .
As a result of this isolation , the area was considerably populated with numerous species of plants and wildlife , most of which still remain within the park today .
British magazine NME , reviewing the UK 7 " single in March 1989 , said : " All the smart bastards are mixing strings with grunge guitars nowadays and the Pixies are no exception .
Upon the release of Doolittle in April 1989 , NME 's Edwin Pouncey added : " the wonderful ' Monkey Gone to Heaven ' is laced with lush but unobtrusive strings which nibble round the edge of the song and push it into a new realm of arrangement for the band .
 Ken Coomer – drums ( 1 @-@ 6 , 8 @-@ 10 , 12 , 13 ) , backing vocals / cowbell ( 2 ) , a snare drum played with a brush ( 7 )
One of the natives brings a big stick which he lays across the belly of the bird , who seizes it with beak and claws ; but while he is occupied in biting it , the native ties him so adroitly to the stick that he can do with him anything he wishes ...
Generalized spraying with organophosphate or pyrethroid insecticides , while sometimes done , is not thought to be effective .
Severe cases may require fine @-@ needle aspiration of the bursa fluid , sometimes coupled with cortisone injections .
 The back wall of the room , which is in shadow , is hung with rows of paintings , including one of a series of scenes from Ovid 's Metamorphoses by Peter Paul Rubens , and copies , by Velázquez 's son @-@ in @-@ law and principal assistant Juan del Mazo , of works by Jacob Jordaens .
The wall to the right is hung with a grid of eight smaller paintings , visible mainly as frames owing to their angle from the viewer .
It was co @-@ written by the group in collaboration with Iain James , Erika Nuri , Michelle Lewis , Mischke , Heidi Rojas and the song 's producers , TMS .
 The song was produced by TMS with vocal production by James F. Reynolds .
When the substitution takes place , Little Mix 's vocals ( along with the backing vocals by James and singer Carmen Reece ) become more sustained and melismatic as the stereo widens and their pitch increases .
He had two failed marriages , the first one with his high school sweetheart , before settling down with his third wife , Robin , having two boys , Ryan and Reed , and a daughter , Lauren .
While Matt watched from the ramp , Young hit Jeff with the Piledriver off the apron through a table .
The following day , U @-@ 14 sank Kilwinning , a British steamer loaded with coal and a general cargo headed for Port Said .
The MGM Camera 65 used special 65mm Eastmancolor film stock with a 2 @.
Idol achieved widespread commercial success with his greatest hits material , Greatest Hits went platinum .
The road runs through suburban areas along Newport Gap Pike and Boxwood Road , interchanging with DE 141 .
Originally Arneson played his own mix of rules and used rock , paper , scissors to resolve combat , but later adapted elements from his naval wargame rules which had an armor class system like that later used in D & D. " I had spent the previous two days watching about five monster movies on channel 5 ’ s ' Creature Feature ' weekend , reading several Conan books ( I cannot recall which ones , but I always thought they were all pretty much the same ) , and stuffing myself with popcorn , doodling on a piece of graph paper .
There , he set up a model that had strings with small bags full of birdshot hanging from them .
Gaudí designed a chair , a bench and a prayer stool : the chair was upholstered with velvet , finished with two eagles and the Marquis 's coat of arms ; the bench stands out with the motif of a dragon , designed by Llorenç Matamala ; the prayer stool is decorated with plants .
It consisted of eight large iron streetlamps , profusely decorated with plant motifs , friezes , shields and names of battles and Catalan admirals .
It is decorated with plants and religious motifs , such as the Greek letters alpha and omega , symbol of the beginning and end , gospel phrases and images of Saint Francis of Paola , Saint Teresa of Avila and the Holy Family and closed with a curtain of crimson embroidery .
For Gaudí , the catenary arch was an ideal constructional element , capable of supporting great loads with slender masonry .
Another notable feature of the facade is the gallery on the main floor , decorated with plant and mythological motifs .
In the beginning of the Han period , the chief writing mediums were bamboo ( Chinese : 竹簡 ) and clay tablets , silk cloth , and rolled scrolls made of strips of bamboo sewn together with hempen string passed through drilled holes ( 册 ) and secured with clay stamps .
@ 75 ft ) wide were sowed in straight lines with crop seed .
With D as diameter and V as volume , D3 : V = 16 : 9 or V = 9 ⁄ 16D3 , a formula Zhang found fault with since he realized the value for diameter was inaccurate , the discrepancy being the value taken for the ratio .
113 BCE ) in Hebei province not only had a front hall with window drapes and grave goods , carriages and horses in the southern separate side chamber , and storage goods in the northern side chamber , but also the remains of real timber houses with tiled roofs erected within ( along with a house made of stone slabs and two stone doors in the rear chamber ) .
 To deter pursuits of marching infantry or riding cavalry , the Han Chinese made caltrops ( barbed iron balls with sharp spikes sticking out in all directions ) that could be scattered on the ground and pierce the feet or hooves of those who were unaware of them .
This sideline eventually caused Peale 's downfall : conflicts with Engraver James B. Longacre and Melter and Refiner Richard Sears McCulloh led to Peale being accused of misconduct , and he was dismissed by President Franklin Pierce in 1854 .
The breed was originally developed by crossing native stock with large Brabant horses .
 On June 22 , showers increased associated with a tropical wave several hundred miles away from land .
 In early July , shower activity increased in association with an area of disturbed weather .
The curved shape of the remnants of this first structure indicates that it suffered a massive flank collapse , scattering the nearby forest lowlands with debris and causing a large part of its southern caldera wall to slide off the mountain , forming an embayment lower on its slopes .
His actions were described as " troubling " by the state Supreme Court , but Planned Parenthood was compelled to turn over the medical records , albeit with more stringent court @-@ mandated privacy safeguards for the patients involved .
He had also had disagreements with John Brown and James Easton , two lower @-@ level officers with political connections .
 When Columbus arrived in what is today Haiti in December 1492 and met the native Taino Arawak people , they were friendly , exchanging gifts with the Spaniards and volunteering their help .
Severe poverty , compiled with a lack of social services such as education and basic healthcare increases a child ’ s vulnerability to modern slavery .
 Handloading is possible with 5 @.
A typical modification involves the replacement of steel components of the vehicle with corrosion resistant aluminium or fibreglass , waterproofing any exposed electronic components , replacement of the stock hopper with a specially designed gritting body , the addition of a plow frame , reinforcement of the wheels , bumpers to support the heavy blade , and the addition of extra headlamps , a light bar , and retroreflectors for visibility .
 Other common changes include the replacement of the factory stock tires with rain tires or mud and snow tires and the shortening of the vehicle 's wheelbase to improve maneuverability .
These vehicles are often multi @-@ purpose , and can be fitted with other equipment such as brushes , lawnmowers or cranes — as these operations are generally unable to run during heavy snowfalls , there is generally little overlap between the different uses , reducing the size of the fleet required by the agency or contractor .
 Airport runways are also de @-@ iced by sprayers fitted with long spraying arms .
Maqluba is an upside @-@ down rice and baked eggplant casserole mixed with cooked cauliflowers , carrots and chicken or lamb .
Gaza has a major fishing industry and fish is often served either grilled or fried after being stuffed with cilantro , garlic , red peppers and cumin and marinated in a mix of coriander , red peppers , cumin , and chopped lemons .
Crabs are cooked and then stuffed with a red hot pepper paste called shatta .
The mixture is added to sliced chard and pieces of stewed beef and garbanzo beans and additionally flavored with dill seeds , garlic and hot peppers .
The rice is layered over a thin markook bread known as farasheeh , smothered in ghee and topped with stuffed chicken or lamb .
Sambusac and fatayer are baked or sometimes fried doughs stuffed with minced meat and cooked onions or snobar ( pine nuts ) .
Ikras is similar to sambusac and fatayer , by using dough stuffed with either meat or spinach , however they are not fried ( like sambusac ) , and are usually served as a meal rather than meal addition or side dish .
Dawali is an excellent representation of the attention to detail commonly found in Palestinian and Levant cuisine , with each piece being tightly wrapped to the size of cigarette morsels ( some families differ in their structure ) .It is then cooked and served as dozens of rolls on a large plate usually accompanied by boiled potato slices , carrots and lamb pieces .
Kousa mahshi are zucchinis stuffed with the same ingredients as waraq al- ' ainib and usually served alongside it heavy meals .
Hummus is often slathered in olive oil and sometimes sprinkled with paprika , oregano and pine nuts ; the latter are especially popular in the West Bank .
 Baba ghanoush is an eggplant or aubergine salad or dip with several variants .
The root of all the variants is broiled and mashed eggplant and tahini lathered with olive oil , which can then be flavored with either garlic , onions , peppers , ground cumin seeds , mint and parsley .
Made of several fine shreds of pastry noodles with honey @-@ sweetened cheese in the center , the top layer of the pastry is usually dyed orange with food coloring and sprinkled with crushed pistachios .
 Another jam with Starr and Lynne
This was a radical departure from traditional church architecture with its grey plaster finish , copper roof , slim spire , hexagonal angles and modern design throughout .
 Although Cirque du Soleil 's position remains that this was a safety issue , not a discrimination issue , they settled with Cusick on 22 April 2004 .
 I.2 opens with an account of " Harold or Humphrey " Chimpden receiving the nickname " Earwicker " from the Sailor King , who encounters him attempting to catch earwigs with an inverted flowerpot on a stick while manning a tollgate through which the King is passing .
Gymnosperm forests were extensive , with a few early flowering plants as well .
Instead , a water tower was built at the station , with water pumped from the river Rauma .
Before the thirteenth century , and until the sixteenth century , during which hops took over as the dominant flavouring , beer was flavoured with other plants ; for instance , grains of paradise or alehoof .
At this point the beer is ready to sell , either being pulled through a beer line with a hand pump , or simply being " gravity @-@ fed " directly into the glass .
However , bottle conditioned beers retain some yeast — either by being unfiltered , or by being filtered and then reseeded with fresh yeast .
Some of the accusations were that Sy 's men had fired on the crowd and crushed the victims with armoured cars , or that the grenades had been launched at his orders and caused the deaths .
 Carbon dating on ash mounds associated with Neolithic cultures in South India date back to 8000 BCE .
@ 2 m ) in breadth that is typically wrapped around the waist , with one end draped over the shoulder , baring the midriff .
The sari is to be wrapped around the waist , with the loose end of the drape to be worn over the shoulder , baring the midriff as according to Indian philosophy , the navel is considered as the source of life and creativity .
These close relatives are generally all species that plaster the entrance to their nest with mud .
 Carlee Wright of USA Today praised the show , saying that Trainor was energetic during the show , and that she interacted with the crowd often , both between and during songs .
After completing the score of Seven , They Are Seven , a " Chaldean invocation " for chorus and orchestra , Prokofiev was " left with nothing to do and time hung heavily on my hands " .
Complex magazine stated that he " left his most popular and best for last , wrapping the evening with " Novacane , " which shouts out the festival itself . "
The site 's critical consensus reads " Burdened by exposition and populated with stock characters , The Phantom Menace gets the Star Wars prequels off to a bumpy – albeit visually dazzling – start . "
At the time of deposition the climate of the area the park covers was becoming progressively drier until arid desert conditions set in , resulting in a land of dunes and sandy desert , with occasional scattered oases .
The case was settled out of court in 2010 with undisclosed terms .
The 757 was also flown out of airports with stringent noise regulations , such as John Wayne Airport in Orange County , California , and airports with aircraft size restrictions , such as Washington National Airport near downtown Washington , D.C.
Both lower holds can be equipped with a telescoping baggage system to load custom @-@ fitted cargo modules .
Hassett ’ s team was saved by the clock against Queensland when the time ran out with the hosts four runs short of their target , but their fortunes were reversed in the final match when Tasmania hung on with only one wicket in hand to salvage a draw .
Investigators found her credit cards , identification and mobile phone left behind in her purse , along with partially packed suitcases .
Outside , " Ian " locks the wardrobe and sprays it with lighter fluid while singing the sardine song .
In 1907 , the road was described as being seldom used , except by tramps , runaway sailors , and swagmen , with very few settlers in the area .
Construction of the new bridge , adjacent to the old bridge , began in September 1951 , and was designed with reinforced concrete piles .
Later , he was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis , but continued playing .
The composer remembered the moment he learned of Kennedy 's assassination and it stuck with him for years .
Prior to signing a six album record deal with Def Jam Recordings , " Pon de Replay " was one of three songs which was recorded for her demo tape to be sent to record labels .
 Prior to signing a record deal with Def Jam Recordings , Rihanna was discovered in her home country of Barbados by American record producer Evan Rogers , who made the necessary arrangements for her to fly to New York .
 In the city the population was spread out with 28 @.
He also disarmed a man who was robbing a crowded restaurant at Columbus Circle with two guns and a knife .
Lowered into the shaft in a protective cage fitted with diacetylene sprinklers , Virgil and Alan clamp the stricken lift and return to ground level , whereupon Prescott is arrested .
String theory describes how strings propagate through space and interact with each other .
 Work on mirror symmetry continues today with major developments in the context of strings on surfaces with boundaries .
The Concert was recorded by Roy Halee on the Record Plant NY Black Truck with David Hewitt Director , assisted by Phil Gitomer , Steve Barash and , John Mathias .
Meanwhile , his brother @-@ in @-@ law , who is a doctor , attends a case of a minor who was injected with steroids by Rawat 's second Brother Badvel , and then forced into prostitution .
 In September 2013 , he signed with Alba Fehérvár in Hungary .
Todd says " hell no " and " damn " at the dinner table , so his father Ned tries to find out where he learned such language - with possibilities being bumper stickers , comic books , Grandma , television and his elder brother Rod .
Bill Gibron of DVD Verdict said " Bart the Lover " represent The Simpsons " at its apex as a well tuned talent machine grinding out the good stuff with surprising accuracy and skill . "
is too loaded with spurious connotations to be meaningful ; but he proposed to replace all such questions with a specific operational test , which has become known as the Turing test .
 John Philip Sousa 's Marine Corps band played at the Inaugural Ball inside the Pension Building with a large crowd attending .
 After signing a two @-@ record deal with Mercury , the New York Dolls recorded their self @-@ titled first album at The Record Plant in New York City with producer Todd Rundgren , who was known for his sophisticated pop sound and held a lukewarm opinion of the band .
Sylvain recalled Rundgren inviting Buell and their Chihuahua to the studio and putting the latter atop an expensive mixing console , while Johansen acknowledged that his recollections of the sessions have since been distorted by what he has read about them : " It was like the 1920s , with palm tree décor and stuff .
Richard Branson rebutted this argument stating " Ms. Jackson has met with great success working with the production team of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , just as her brother Michael Jackson has experienced his greatest successes with the producer Quincy Jones .
will please most people , " remarked The Daily Telegraph , " because it is crammed with the sort of tender , joyous pop music that lingers long after smarter records have been forgotten . "
He adds that " the oversight is doubly vexing , because [ Jackson ] — in a songwriting and production partnership with Jimmy Jam ( aka James Harris III ) and Terry Lewis — is not just a multiplatinum pop act but an artist who has reshaped the sound and image of rhythm and blues over the last decade . "
The most diverse insect groups appear to have coevolved with flowering plants .
A number of highly successful insect groups evolved in conjunction with flowering plants , a powerful illustration of coevolution .
Plants evolved chemical defenses against this herbivory and the insects , in turn , evolved mechanisms to deal with plant toxins .
Some ground beetles of the Carabidae family can spray chemicals from their abdomen with great accuracy , to repel predators .
As well as pollination ants help with seed distribution of plants .
Liverpool replaced Riise with defender Jamie Carragher minutes later in order to see out the game .
 Formed after the demise of Gossard and Ament 's previous band , Mother Love Bone , Pearl Jam broke into the mainstream with its debut album , Ten , in 1991 .
At many shows during the 2003 North American tour , Vedder performed Riot Act 's " Bu $ hleaguer " , a commentary on President George W. Bush , with a rubber mask of Bush , wearing it at the beginning of the song and then hanging it on a mic stand to allow him to sing .
Clive Davis announced in February 2006 that Pearl Jam had signed with his label , J Records , which like Epic , is part of Sony Music Entertainment ( then known as Sony BMG ) , though J has since folded into RCA Records .
Vedder started both concerts with an emotional plea to the crowd to look after each other .
Pearl Jam reached a deal with Target to be the exclusive big @-@ box store retailer for the album in the United States .
 Pearl Jam has broadened its musical range with subsequent releases .
The plant eventually grew to four units with a total electrical generating capacity of 2 @,@ 211 MWh .
 In the CDP the population was spread out with 18 @.
If a bird is startled and takes off unexpectedly , a panic can spread through the colony with all the birds launching themselves into the air and wheeling around in a great circle .
Bridges spanning the Don River were jammed with traffic , as surviving Axis soldiers hastily made their way eastwards in the cold weather , attempting to escape Soviet armor and infantry threatening to cut them off from Stalingrad .
As a result of this experimentation , the album was noted as " loaded with spiced @-@ up instrumentation , including a few new ingredients like the pedal steel guitar and musical saw thrown in for extra flavour " .
For the scene where Bond and Tracy crash into a car race while being pursued , an ice rink was constructed over an unused aeroplane track , with water and snow sprayed on it constantly .
DRCM hired a large team of professionals , many of whom were attracted from the investment bank with large compensation packages .
UBS would eventually cut ties to Weil in May 2009 and he would face charges after UBS had settled its criminal case with the government .
UBS settled the lawsuit with a payout of US $ 120 million .
At the time of the settlement , the agency already settle with two other institutions , but UBS settlement was the first where the amount paid was released to public .
When they were unable to do so , authorities arrested Feng , made her sign an agreement to have an abortion , and held her down while injecting her with an abortifacient .
She was taken into an operating room and restrained by two men as she was injected with a poison to kill the fetus .
As part of the review , ten inspection teams would be sent to nineteen different provinces to review the practices of local offices , and that the teams would be charged with settling disputes and would distribute contraceptives .
When he attempted to pack his course schedule with music , his guidance counselor forced him instead to take religion , ethics , physical education , and military training .
An air compressor was added later for loads equipped with air brakes .
 Vehicles built in 1940 ( only ) were fitted with removable loading ramps , cable rollers to act as pulleys , and a reinforced tail gate to allow a Flak 30 , mounted on a Sd.Ah.
 The Spanish probably obtained spotted horses through trade with southern Austria and Hungary , where the color pattern was known to exist .
Lewis did note spotting patterns , saying , " ... some of these horses are pided [ pied ] with large spots of white irregularly scattered and intermixed with the black brown bey [ sic ] or some other dark colour " .
@ 7 cm guns had a rate of fire of 25 rounds per minute , and were typically stocked with 500 rounds .
The eastern shield is unusual in that a sword is shown with an ear stuck to it .
He wrote that steel needles were magnetized once they were rubbed with lodestone , and that they were put in floating position or in mountings ; he described the suspended compass as the best form to be used , and noted that the magnetic needle of compasses pointed either south or north .
About the title , he is quoted as saying : " Because I had only my writing brush and ink slab to converse with , I call it Brush Talks . "
Finally , in the 1950s the author Hu Daojing supplemented this small yet valuable work with additions of other scattered poems written by Shen , in the former 's Collection of Shen Kua 's Extant Poetry ( Shanghai : Shang @-@ hai Shu @-@ tian , 1958 ) .
Hal Erickson of Allmovie noted that " much of Nielsen 's early work was undistinguished ; he was merely a handsome leading man in an industry overstocked with handsome leading men . "
 Harris , then host of Rolf 's Cartoon Time , approached the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children ( NSPCC ) and the Tavistock Clinic with his idea about making a film on child sexual abuse .
The Tavistock Clinic helped with the film 's production , and an expert from the organisation appears on @-@ camera to promote child protection projects in schools .
The 1555 agreement settled religious problems in the Empire with the principle Cuius regio , eius religio : the subjects of a secular prince followed the religion of their sovereign .
The crystal consists of a double @-@ hexagonal close packing with the layer sequence ABAC and so is isotypic with α @-@ lanthanum .
Apu decides to shower Manjula with many romantic surprises to regain her love .
 St Beuno 's is Decorated Gothic , built mainly with rubble masonry , with squared stones used to create courses in the nave 's south wall and the lower part of the west wall .
The game is available for free download with some Glee content available immediately including Kurt Hummel and Will Schuester .
One unusual representation of Auriga , from 17th @-@ century France , showed Auriga as Adam kneeling on the Milky Way , with a goat wrapped around his shoulders .
The Zeta Aurigids are a weak shower with a northern and southern branch lasting from December 11 to January 21 .
 John Cleese organised A Poke in the Eye ( With a Sharp Stick ) as a benefit for Amnesty International at the theatre in 1976 , and it was broadcast as Pleasure at Her Majesty 's .
 In parallel , the group 's name was changed to the Michael Zager Band and they signed with the label Private Stock Records .
Interviews with James Arnold Taylor , Tidus ' English voice actor , and spoken dialogue from the English versions of Dissidia , Dissidia 012 , and Kingdom Hearts — which featured the character in a cameo — portray it as / ˈtiːdəs / TEE @-@ dəs , whereas one instance in the English version of Kingdom Hearts 2 exists in which the character 's name is pronounced / ˈtaɪdəs / TY @-@ dəs .
 The floury baker gains its common name from the appearance of having been dusted with flour , and both the vernacular terms baker and miller were in use by 1860 .
 The adult is brown with a white dusted appearance ; white downy filaments cover much of the body , legs and some wing veins , but this silver body fur is easily rubbed off , and so is often substantially diminished in older adults and museum specimens .
The first example of a multiply @-@ imaged radio galaxy discovered , the source appears to be an elliptical galaxy with a dust lane obscuring our view of the visual and ultraviolet emission from the nucleus .
Simon Heap also used to live there with Lucy Gringe .
In the episode , Leslie tries to prove she can hang out with the guys by attending Ron 's annual hunting trip , where Ron is accidentally shot .
All that stuff with Charlie – the " Heil Hitler ! "
In his first conversation with Charlie , Barton constantly interrupts Charlie just as he is saying " I could tell you some stories- " , demonstrating that despite his fine words he really isn 't interested in Charlie 's experiences ; in another scene , Barton symbolically demonstrates his deafness to the world by stuffing his ears with cotton to block the sound of his ringing telephone .
The site 's critical consensus reads : " Twisty and unsettling , the Coen brothers ' satirical tale of a 1940s playwright struggling with writer 's block is packed with their trademark sense of humor and terrific performances from its cast . "
Although the " restoration " in 1687 of the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle was accomplished by King James VII & II , the initiative for - essentially - founding this Scottish Royal Order can be attributed to John , 1st Earl and 1st Jacobite Duke of Melfort , then Secretary of State for Scotland , who together with his elder brother James , 4th Earl and 1st Jacobite Duke of Perth , then Lord Chancellor of Scotland , were among the eight Founding Knights .
Caesar , along with The Public Enemy starring James Cagney as Tom Powers and Scarface ( 1932 ) , featuring Paul Muni as Tony Comante , were , by standards of the time , incredibly violent films that created a new type of anti @-@ hero .
The concept of marriage was often tested in films such as The Prodigal ( 1931 ) , in which a woman is having an affair with a seedy character , and later falls in love with her brother @-@ in @-@ law .
with a hockey stick .
The British Band started to weaken with hunger , and Black Hawk soon realized that the only option was to return across the Mississippi River .
39 in New Musical Express ' list of `The Top 50 LPs Of 1993 ' – " ... a cartoon @-@ strip of blunt @-@ smoking antics , sexual innuendo and unashamed political incorrectness , crammed with infectious funky beats .... "
 Predominantly insectivorous , the black @-@ throated blue warbler supplements its diet with berries and seeds in winter .
It may supplement its diet with seeds , berries , and fruit in the winter .
Because algae lack the complex lignin associated with terrestrial plants , the carbon in algae is released into the atmosphere more rapidly than carbon captured on land .
Alternately , sea grasses in environments with higher loading rates and organic matter diagenesis supply more P , leading to N @-@ limitation .
In 1131 , he made peace with King Béla II of Hungary , which was followed by a long period of stability in the border region .
 Tabitha and Hector prepare to inject Katy with a sedative , but she fights back .
It had a strength of 120 men and was based in the northern town of Koprivnica , near the border with Hungary .
 Banksy 's second trip to the South Bronx was on 21 October and resulted in a piece depicting a child spray @-@ painting the words " Ghetto 4 Life " on a wall , while a butler waited on him with a platter of spray paints .
 Heim 's design was the first to be worn on the beach , but the name given by Réard stuck with the public .
On one hand the one @-@ piece made a big comeback in the 1980s and early 1990s , on the other bikinis became briefer with the string bikini in the 1970s and 80s .
The common eland prefers habitats with a wide variety of flowering plants such as savannah , woodlands , and open and montane grasslands ; it avoids dense forests .
Larkin stated that whereas earlier Myst games had been constrained by technological limitations , the available technology allowed End of Ages to have a more dynamic environment , with the music changing with various timings of different sound effects .
White noted that it " was nice to see Melora Hardin in the role one last time " , but wrote that " it 's a shame that the show is sticking with the crazy version of the character rather than mellowing her out a bit " .
The Mets had a chance to break the game open in that sixth inning as they loaded the bases with no outs , but had to settle for one run after Céspedes lined a foul ball off his leg and was injured , leaving the game after popping up for the first out of the inning .
passes to the southeast of Bellevue State Park and continues northeast through residential neighborhoods with scattered businesses , heading through Holly Oak before it reaches Claymont .
The pressing features a different album art and was packed with four autographed photo cards and a wristband .
 Inside , the 130 @-@ tonne ( 140 @-@ short @-@ ton ) Mir resembled a cramped labyrinth , crowded with hoses , cables and scientific instruments — as well as articles of everyday life , such as photos , children 's drawings , books and a guitar .
The module was also equipped with biotechnology research equipment , including a small greenhouse for plant cultivation experiments which was equipped with a source of light and a feeding system , in addition to equipment for astronomical observations .
As a result , when its cargo had been unloaded , each Progress was refilled with rubbish , spent equipment and other waste which was destroyed , along with the Progress itself , on reentry .
The British government has faced criticism from academics and practitioners over the small number of refugees it has resettled in comparison with other developed states .
Research with Congolese refugees settled with North Lanarkshire Council in Motherwell has found that the majority want to stay in the town and that they view it positively both as a location in its own right , and in comparison with other resettlement locations .
One ethnic Karen refugee resettled with his family in Sheffield in 2006 , Kler Heh , signed a professional contract to play football for Sheffield United F.C.
 Tony Burton as Tony " Duke " Evers : Rocky 's trainer who has been his head cornerman since Balboa 's second fight with James " Clubber " Lang in Rocky III .
 Charlesworth 's workload at BCOF increased considerably with the outbreak of the Korean War in June 1950 and the need to supply the RAAF 's contribution to the conflict , chiefly No.
As Leon searches for Ashley , he is captured and injected with the parasite .
Paul Sturrock kept faith with the young defensive pairing of James Chester and Shane Lowry for their next game against Peterborough United , and two second @-@ half goals Mackie and Rory Fallon secured Argyle 's first three points of the new season . "
In 1994 , the Hapeville Plant ended their relationship with Reck Club .
The essay is graded with a rubric and is read by two different judges whose scores are then averaged .
 After years of being restricted in his songwriting contributions to the Beatles ' albums , Harrison released All Things Must Pass , a triple album , with two discs of his songs and the third of recordings of Harrison jamming with friends .
He was the first person to own a Rickenbacker 360 / 12 , a guitar with twelve strings , the low eight of which are tuned in pairs , one octave apart ; the higher four being pairs tuned in unison .
Animating the theater 's audience of 2 @,@ 500 patrons proved an expensive proposition , even with the help of the crowd @-@ generating MASSIVE software .
It was there that the album featuring 11 tracks was self @-@ produced by Crahan and Darner , with Rubin as executive producer .
With nothing but hunger and inhumanity to greet them , these victims soon sink back into crime as the only possibility of existence .
Courtship rituals of the turkey vulture involve several individuals gathering in a circle , where they perform hopping movements around the perimeter of the circle with wings partially spread .
 Rihanna first performed " Diamonds " on November 7 , 2012 , at the Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show , where she wore black lingerie with black thigh high stockings and ankle boots ; the show was aired by CBS on December 4 .
He rode to Princeton to catch up with General James Grant , who had moved with 1 @,@ 000 troops to reinforce Princeton .
 Thomcord is a productive variety , with a yield comparable to Thompson Seedless .
 Compared with Thompson Seedless , the berry weight and diameter of Thomcord are larger , but cluster tightness is similar .
Craig is stuck in a platonic relationship with his co @-@ worker , Sophie .
Rolling Stone grouped Matriarch in a " trifecta " with James ' previous two studio albums , Life , Love & the Blues ( 1998 ) and Heart of a Woman ( 1999 ) .
Associated Press contributor Gene Bright wrote a positive review of the album but was disappointed with James ' cover of " Miss You " , writing " the song just can 't be slowed and manipulated with any success " .
With James ' sons contributing to the album , Bill Milkowski of JazzTimes called the album a " real family affair " and " worthy follow @-@ up " to Heart of a Woman .
She reiterated her condemnation of Jones ' killers , remarking that rather than retaliating violently , they should have brushed it off with a humorous comment .
It is also possible for agung players to switch places with the dabakan after two pieces .
The Manobo sagabong ensemble follows a similar format , consisting of five small gongs , each held by one musician playing a unique pattern with rubber mallets , interlocking with other parts .
 Such ensembles can either perform alone or with one or two drums , played with the hands or wooden sticks , as accompaniment .
 Before the ceremony began , King Edward VIII , present in his capacity as king of Canada , inspected the guard of honour , was introduced to the honoured guests , and spent approximately half an hour speaking with veterans in the crowd .
The day before , performances by Ray Charles and singing group Lambert , Hendricks and Ross were met with crowd rushes .
Sherman commanded the right of the line , McClernand took the center , and on the left , the remnants of W. H. L. Wallace 's , Hurlbut 's , and Stuart 's men mixed with thousands of stragglers who were crowding on the bluff over the landing .
He began scrubbing floors with his wife and ordered his children to make beds and vacuum floors .
There he found himself experimenting with a bundle of sticks until he happened upon a cascading sequence .
He created a concise spaceframe wrapped into French limestone and covered with a glass roof .
@ 5 mm , with the dark color often spreading into the base of each segment .
By this point , the system was again producing hurricane @-@ force winds , with Jamestown , New York reporting gusts up to 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) .
Over time , however , they begin to form a close relationship , with Oskar lending his Rubik 's Cube to Eli , and the two exchanging Morse code messages through their adjoining wall .
Most of all , it ’ s a film that sticks with you , and whose stature will continue to grow in the decades to come . "
With crowds at these levels , the Mariners were unsuccessfully competing in the Newcastle area .
According to director Kim Manners , the most difficult scene to shoot was in the elevator with Mitch Pileggi and Nicholas Lea .
The last minutes of the film get very sentimental , with a performance of Etta James 's classic " At Last " set to the backdrop of Civil Rights @-@ era footage , followed by a close @-@ up moment when Beyoncé admits that her life can be overwhelming , although she is blessed , stating , " I 'm grateful ...
Halla replaced Awe quickly with Dustin Wood , who has played in both the American Hockey League and Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Loading Fitzgerald with taconite pellets took about four and a half hours while unloading took around 14 hours .
The third incoming wave adds to the two accumulated backwashes , suddenly overloading the deck with tons of water .
Subsequently in 2006 , four additional sets joined the Tung Chung Line to cope with the increasing passenger traffic .
The arrangement allows each car to load approximately 300 passengers with 26 seats , while four sets of poach seats provide flexible riding for passengers .
Woolly mammoths sustained themselves on plant food , mainly grass and sedges , which were supplemented with herbaceous plants , flowering plants , shrubs , mosses , and tree matter .
To that end , it was important that the Populists not nominate a rival silver candidate , and he took pains to cultivate good relations with Populist leaders .
During the 1980s , some T1000 stock had been rebuilt with pantograph , and taken into use on the western network .
However , the Sognsvann and Røa Line was upgraded to metro standard between 1992 and 1995 , and could start using T1000 stock with only third @-@ rail support .
The other Calderon arrives at the hospital and injects Emily with an unknown green substance ; he escapes by morphing into someone else .
He still composes for film however , his latest being Brush with Danger directed by young Indonesian director Livi Zheng .
 Holliday junctions may exist in a variety of conformational isomers with different patterns of coaxial stacking between the four double @-@ helical arms .
 The two possible stacked forms differ in which pairs of the arms are stacked with each other ; which of the two dominates is highly dependent on the base sequences nearest to the junction .
The change in rate is correlated with the formation of the stacked versus the unstacked structures .
Lady Windermere 's Fan was first performed on 20 February 1892 at St James 's Theatre , packed with the cream of society .
The mice dig side burrows off the main burrow of the gopher tortoise , line them with shredded plant material , and use them as nurseries .
In Guildford , gangs of revellers who called themselves " guys " terrorised the local population ; proceedings were concerned more with the settling of old arguments and general mayhem , than any historical reminiscences .
This was sometimes ornately dressed and sometimes a barely recognisable bundle of rags stuffed with whatever filling was suitable .
Ten years later the raucous celebrations were the cause of considerable annoyance to the upper classes and a special Riot Act was passed , to prevent " riotous tumultuous and disorderly assemblies of more than three persons , all or any of them armed with Sticks , Clubs or any kind of weapons , or disguised with vizards , or painted or discolored faces , on in any manner disguised , having any kind of imagery or pageantry , in any street , lane , or place in Boston . "
An estimate compiled by exile organizations with the help of Amnesty International puts the number killed at 500 @,@ 000 .
To keep this portion of NY 59 from being overloaded with mall goers , exit 12 of the Thruway with NY 303 was re @-@ routed through Palisades Center via Palisades Center Drive .
In captivity , the ruddy shelduck has been known to hybridise with several other members of Tadorna , with several members of the dabbling duck genus Anas , and with the Egyptian goose ( Alopochen aegyptiaca ) .
According to one version of the speech , the enthusiastic crowd responded with cries of Deus vult !
The army led by Walter fought with the Hungarians over food at Belgrade , but otherwise arrived in Constantinople unharmed .
Meanwhile , the army led by Peter , which marched separately from Walter 's army , also fought with the Hungarians , and may have captured Belgrade .
 Enhanced Vehicle Acoustics ( EVA ) , a company based in Silicon Valley , California and founded by two Stanford students with the help of seed money from the National Federation of the Blind , developed an after market technology called " Vehicular Operations Sound Emitting Systems " ( VOSES ) .
In addition to its distribution in coastal California , it was also found forming ectomycorrhizae with the roots of pine seedlings in the eastern Sierra Nevada , coastal Oregon , and the southern Cascade Mountains .
 With its short stipe and sticky cap , S. quiescens is similar to S. brevipes .
Two motorboats , packed with 330 @-@ kilogram ( 730 lb ) charges in the bows , struck York amidships , flooding both boiler rooms and one engine room .
In the South Australian wine region of Coonawarra , Cabernet Sauvignon has produced vastly different results from grape vines planted in the region 's terra rosa soil – so much so that the red soil is considered the " boundary " of the wine region , with some controversy from wine growers with Cabernet Sauvignon planted on red soil .
To reduce yields , producers can plant the vines on less vigorous rootstock and also practice green harvesting with aggressive pruning of grape clusters soon after veraison .
There was some speculation that ravaged Cabernet vineyards would be replanted with other varietals ( such as those emerging from the Rhone Rangers movement ) but in fact California plantings of Cabernet Sauvignon doubled between 1988 and 1998 ; many wine regions — such as Napa Valley north of Yountville and Sonoma 's Alexander Valley — were almost completely dominated by the grape variety .
Michigan got the ball back with less than 4 minutes in the half and marched down the field , but with little time left on the clock they had to settle to end the first half with a 39 @-@ yard field goal .
 In this flat and marshy area , the branches and roots of mangrove trees form dams where deposits of oyster shells naturally accumulate along with mud and plant detritus .
That evening , Sivanandam meets all the suspects along with Naidu at Rajan 's house and carries out an exercise in which the suspects — including Usha — must shoot Sivanandam as though he is Rajan using revolvers loaded with fake bullets .
These hyphae are covered with scattered , thin @-@ walled warty or finger @-@ like diverticulae that can be either colorless , or contain brownish pigment in the cytoplasm .
It was the same with creative hanga , his school , and his free @-@ art movement .
 Howe , as senior officer chosen over the more junior William Woodford of Virginia , engaged in contentious negotiations over access to supplies with the captains of British ships anchored off Norfolk , which were by that time overcrowded with Loyalist refugees .
 In March 1776 , Howe was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General by the Second Continental Congress along with fellow North Carolinian James Moore .
With James Moore 's death on April 15 , 1777 , Howe assumed command of the Southern Department .
 The Chili Peppers collaborated with producer Rick Rubin for their second record with Frusciante , Blood Sugar Sex Magik .
He worked continuously with Rubin over @-@ dubbing guitar progressions , changing harmonies and using all his technical resources .
German aircraft arrived later to jam British radar with chaff .
 While the train is being loaded with passengers , the catch car for the cable lift descends the lift hill and latches onto the middle car underneath the train .
 Keeping up with continued settlement in the West , the Courts Act of 1889 established a federal court system in the Indian Territory ; this decreased the jurisdiction of the Western District Court at Fort Smith .
Edge described the game as " a tight 2D platformer that 's packed with great innovative touches and some great character design " .
 This rapid adoption of the flex technology was facilitated by the fuel distribution infrastructure already in place , as around 27 @,@ 000 filling stations countrywide were available by 1997 with at least one ethanol pump , a heritage of the Pró @-@ Álcool program , and by October 2008 have reached 35 @,@ 000 fueling stations .
The negative static resistance of a power source is a rather abstract and not very useful quantity , because it varies with the load .
 Since CCNRs are stable with no load at all , they are called " open circuit stable " .
At microwave frequencies , transistors with certain loads applied to one port can become unstable due to internal feedback and show negative resistance at the other port .
With any storm the piled up water has an exit path to the sides and this escape mechanism is reduced in proportion to the surge force ( for the same peak wind speed ) as the storm covers more area .
Each electric organ consists of 400 – 600 vertical columns , with each column composed of a stack of roughly 400 jelly @-@ filled " electroplates " that essentially act like a battery .
This pulverized material is mixed with asphalt emulsion and spread and compacted back onto the highway surface .
One of Rennie 's recommendations had been to replace the windmills which drove the drainage pumps with a steam pumping station at Pode Hole , but this was not implemented .
Around 1800 , vessels carrying 60 tons could reach the port facilities at Spalding ; however , by the 1820s , ships could only be loaded with 40 tons each as the river silting had worsened .
Other stores offered Guitar Hero : Metallica @-@ branded drumsticks with pre @-@ orders .
Mega Man was compiled with nine other games in the series in the North American Mega Man Anniversary Collection released for the PlayStation 2 and GameCube in 2004 and the Xbox in 2005 .
He liked that it came with a separate book of art ; in particular the before and after illustrations of the carnivorous plant with a " built @-@ in bunny lure " .
 Despite their agreement on Samoa , much of Bayard 's term of office was taken up in settling disputes with Great Britain .
The rally at Place du Canada was estimated to have between 50 @,@ 000 and 125 @,@ 000 attendees , with estimates varying wildly as the crowd grew and shrank throughout the day .
Images of the large crowd with an oversized Canadian flag became iconic .
Chapbooks were the literature of the poor and Trimmer was attempting to separate children 's literature from texts she associated with the lower classes ; she also feared that children might gain access to this cheap literature without their parents ' knowledge .
In the final month before voting began , Newt Gingrich experienced a significant surge – taking a solid lead in national polls and most of the early caucus and primary states – before settling back into parity or worse with Romney following a barrage of negative ads from Restore Our Future , a pro @-@ Romney Super PAC .
One such event occurred on December 2 – 4 , 2007 , when sustained hurricane @-@ force winds and widespread heavy rainfall associated with a strong Pineapple Express event occurred in the greater Puget Sound area and the western parts of Washington and Oregon .
This maneuver went awry , leaving the Athenians , and Spartans and Tegeans isolated on separate hills , with the other contingents scattered further away near Plataea .
 In 1945 and 1946 , Captain Fisher served , along with James Rowe , as a legal advisor to former U.S. Attorney General Francis Biddle , the United States member of the International Military Tribunal ( Nuremberg Trial ) .
 Fafara hosted several barbecues after moving from Orange County to Santa Barbara and would jam with musicians he met , which led to the formation of the band . "
The writers had conceived the courtroom scene , but they were stuck trying to come up with an ending after Skinner had been shot .
The objects within the Kuiper belt , together with the members of the scattered disc and any potential Hills cloud or Oort cloud objects , are collectively referred to as trans @-@ Neptunian objects ( TNOs ) .
 Rogers stocked his ships with limes to fend off scurvy , a practice not universally accepted at that time .
In 2013 , Billboard , reviewing the album for its 40th anniversary , said : " Filled with performances packed with life and depth and personality , Quadrophenia is 90 minutes of the Who at its very best . "
Chang expressed disagreement with the manner Bailey and Shepherd 's characters were dealt with by the writers , feeling that the former 's anger should have been targeted at herself , and criticizing the exaggerated exposure of the latter 's " first grader emotional maturity " .
A competent puckhandler , he was the first goaltender in the NHL to record an assist by passing the puck with his stick to a fellow player .
@ 78 m ) ; the nickname stuck with him for the rest of his career .
In the 1935 – 36 season , Thompson became the first goaltender to get an assist by intentionally passing the puck with his stick to a fellow player .
He contrasts Africa of the 1960s shedding colonial rule , optimistic in future prospects , with Africa of the 2000s struggling with AIDS and increasingly widespread hunger .
As each boat needed to select a radio call sign , Hichens could not think of anything suitable and Lieutenant Arty Shaw suggested Hitch , which stuck and remained with him for the rest of his time with the coastal forces .
Hynes called the filming " a high @-@ wire act the whole way " , and said that one of the biggest challenges was transporting the crew of 40 from Oregon to Mexico , sometimes changing locations twice a day with few hours of daylight .
A small species of roundworm , Mermis nigrescens , is known to occasionally parasitize earwigs that have consumed roundworm eggs with plant matter .
He is a chestnut with four white stockings and a blaze .
 In the remakes , after selecting a character , the player can change the character 's starting abilities with five magical seeds , given at the tavern .
 Carl Kimlinger of Anime News Network summed up Dragon Ball as " an action @-@ packed tale told with rare humor and something even rarer — a genuine sense of adventure . "
Bilheimer was sparing in his use of statistics in the film , feeling that overloading viewers with figures might numb them to the issues .
Transmission networks presently cope with outages of other generation plants and daily changes in electrical demand , but the variability of intermittent power sources such as wind power , are unlike those of conventional power generation plants which , when scheduled to be operating , may be able to deliver their nameplate capacity around 95 % of the time .
Electrical grids with slow @-@ responding thermal power plants and without ties to networks with hydroelectric generation may have to limit the use of wind power .
Bach used the French string orchestra with two viola parts , as in most cantatas until 1715 , when he started to prefer the Italian scoring with one viola .
The first part opens with trumpet fanfares , alternating with flowing coloraturas in the strings .
Billboard magazine began monitoring digital downloads of Latin songs beginning with the week ending January 23 , 2010 . "
Swinefield also resolved a dispute over the boundary between the diocese of Hereford and the diocese of St Asaph , a Welsh bishopric , with the settlement being not entirely to the Welsh bishop 's liking .
After trading barbs with the plant when Audrey awakens and requests to be fed , Mushnick finds himself at the mercy of a robber ( Charles B. Griffith ) who believes that the huge crowd he had observed attending the shop indicated the presence of a large amount of money .
 The film was partially cast with stock actors that Corman had used in previous films .
 However , Jonathan Rosenbaum wrote in the Chicago Reader : " To be sure , The Big Lebowski is packed with show @-@ offy filmmaking and as a result is pretty entertaining .
Governor Périer sided with Chépart and planted a cross on the land he sought .
A popular snack in Kalimpong is the momo , steamed dumplings made up of pork , beef or vegetable cooked in a wrapping of flour and served with watery soup .
They join the team for a few years , with James now using the alias Logan , but the group 's ( especially Victor 's ) disregard for human life causes James to leave .
These hyphae are smooth , or can be covered with scattered , warty or finger @-@ like thin @-@ walled diverticulae that are colorless or pale brownish , and dextrinoid .
In Hamilton , Nash attended Loreto Convent and began his interest in sport , practising kicking a football made of newspapers and tied together with string .
In the final minute , Down Beat magazine observed , Mingus bends the " strings with such force that he makes the instrument sound like a cross between a berimbau and a Delta blues guitar " . "
Critic Thomas Cunniffe suggests that , listening to the tracks in the order in which they were recorded , " one can easily hear the tension building during the uptempo numbers " , and that Mingus ' temporary departure probably occurred after playing " Money Jungle " , which " represents the apex of the group 's inner tension , with Mingus plucking the strings with his fingernails , Roach firing up the music with polyrhythms and Ellington laying down highly dissonant chords " .
By March 1936 , the second prototype , the V2 , was finally fitted with the Jumo 210Aa power plant , which a year later was replaced by a Jumo 210 G ( W.Nr.
Early in 1937 , the A @-@ 0 was tested with varied bomb loads .
The underpowered Jumo 210A , as pointed out by von Richthofen , was insufficient , and was quickly replaced with the Jumo 210D power plant .
 The Ju 87 was capable of carrying a 500 kg ( 1 @,@ 100 lb ) bomb , but only if not carrying the rear gunner / radio operator as , even with the Jumo 210D power plant , the Ju 87 was still underpowered for operations with more than a 250 kg ( 550 lb ) bomb load .
To prevent overload conditions , bomb carrying ability was often restricted to a single 250 kg ( 550 lb ) bomb if the aircraft was fully loaded with fuel .
@ 46 in ) cannons were mounted in under @-@ wing gun pods , each loaded with two six @-@ round magazines of armour @-@ piercing tungsten carbide @-@ cored ammunition .
It was written and produced by Timberlake , Timothy " Timbaland " Mosley and Jerome " J @-@ Roc " Harmon , with additional writing by James Fauntleroy . "
While shopping for ball gowns , they meet Pandora , who is returning a dress since Thomas has not forgiven her for her infidelity with their friend James Cook .
She felt that Emily 's changing relationship with Katie as a significant part of her character development made her " sympathetic and relatable to those who might have otherwise have difficulty relating to a lesbian character " .
Although two trials of street level trains were run , the state of Adelaide 's streets , with mud in winter and dust in summer , led to the decision that they would not be reliable .
To cope with variable loads on the system , very large storage lead – acid batteries were installed , the initial one at East Terrace comprising 293 cells and a 50 ton tank of sulphuric acid .
 Known as Glenelg trams , The Hs are a long rigid body tram that is end loading with a full length saloon and were built by Pengelley and Co in 1929 specifically for the Glenelg line , they commenced operations on 14 December 1929 .
These areas are filled with plant and animal life , which can be hostile , friendly , or neutral towards her .
 While exploring the world , Naija can collect various ingredients from interaction with plants and animals , mainly by combating her foes .
He developed a friendship with James Whitcomb , the governor of Indiana , after whom he named his son .
 Riley and Nye made arrangements with James Pond to make two national tours during 1888 and 1889 .
 The Carolingian reign saw periods of prosperity for the Champagne region beginning with Charlemagne 's encouragement for the area to start planting vines and continuing with the coronation of his son Louis the Pious at Reims .
 A fan of Fringe , Pearl Jam musician Mike McCready talked with series composer Chris Tilton about writing some music for " Northwest Passage " .
It has also been identified as a Proto @-@ Algonquian root * ahrah @-@ koon @-@ em , meaning " [ the ] one who rubs , scrubs and scratches with its hands " .
@ 8 ft ) , with two additional piles installed at each pier .
Favreau , as he prepared to film Iron Man in a complex that once belonged to Hughes Aircraft , got a tour with Robert Downey Jr. of SpaceX from Elon Musk , Downey said " Elon was someone Tony probably hung out with and partied with , or more likely they went on some weird jungle trek together to drink concoctions with the shamans . "
The result is something that , whilst hardly original or groundbreaking , is nevertheless refreshing in its earnestness to avoid dark dramatic stylings in favor of an easy @-@ going , crowd @-@ pleasing action movie with a sprinkle of anti @-@ war and redemption themes " .
Congress delegated statutory responsibility for enforcement to the management of sales and horse shows , but placed administration of the act with the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) of the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
Horses listed by the organization descend from the foundation bloodstock registered by the TWHBEA , and pedigrees may not include horses shown with stacks post @-@ 1976 .
… Had Sony stuck with the original plan of a scaled @-@ down superhero franchise , one that really was rooted in romantic drama , they would have at least stuck out in a crowded field of superhero franchises .
 The Australian magpie prefers open areas such as grassland , fields and residential areas such as parks , gardens , golf courses , and streets , with scattered trees or forest nearby .
The nest is a bowl @-@ shaped structure made of sticks and lined with softer material such as grass and bark .
For anglers , Loon Lake is stocked in the spring and fall with rainbow trout and a small one @-@ half acre pond to the east of the lake is stocked annually for children during the National Hunting and Fishing Days , which is marked yearly by events at Silver Springs .
 A proposed 1993 treatment of T. apollinea as a subspecies of Tephrosia purpurea noted some regional variations , with plants in the Eastern Desert of Egypt possibly producing smaller pods , leaves , and leaflets , and plants from oases having densely pubescent spreading hairs .
It can also be rubbed on limbs in conjunction with Fagonia indica and Ocomim basilicum to treat people affected with polio .
Scholar Rebecca Luttrell Briley suggests that although Mac begins to plant new roots with Rosa Lee and Sonny in earlier scenes , they are not enough to fully satisfy his desire for redemption , as he is nearly driven to leave the family and return to his alcoholic ways .
Their single performances are intercut with several scenes of a dancing crowd , and the lighting changes between blue , green , red , and yellow colors .
Cameron Duddy and Mars directed the accompanying music video , in which Mars hangs out with five dancers with monkey masks while jest around in his underwear .
The whole video is presented in as a lone continuous and uninterrupted shot , it begins with Mars singing and hanging out in a bedroom with five dancers , they all wear monkey masks and Mars dresses in black sunglasses and a flannel shirt .
 Although Louis had designated Mary as his successor in both of his kingdoms , the Polish nobles , seeking an end to the personal union with Hungary , were not willing to recognize Mary and her fiancé Sigismund as their sovereigns .
While there , Volunteers owner Larry Gilbert gave him the nickname Bobo because the pitcher reminded him of Bobo Newsom ; the nickname stuck with him the rest of his career .
Six of those arrested were brought up on charges , including Sarumpaet , who was charged with spreading hatred and attending an " anti @-@ revolutionary " political gathering .
 MacBride arrived with Jason , HMS Carcass and the storeship HMS Experiment , in January 1766 , with orders to secure a settlement and to inform any existing inhabitants that the islands were a British possession .
The service has been continually upgraded since its inception with rebuilt stations and new rolling stock as well as extensions to New London in 1996 and to Stamford in 2001 .
 The whinchat is a solitary species , favouring open grassy country with rough vegetation and scattered small shrubs .
It favours rough low vegetation habitats such as open rough pasture or similar minimally cultivated grassland with scattered small shrubs such as hawthorn ( Crataegus monogyna ) , and bracken ( Pteridium aquilinum ) or heather ( Calluna vulgaris ) stands on rock @-@ strewn ground .
The 1899 flood was particularly widespread with extensive flooding of both the river and its tributaries , after a year with 785 @.
The Popeyes had a brush with royalty in March 1977 with Popeye 5 ferrying Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip followed by a choir in Popeye 4 .
To prevent this the State Government built a facility with steam powered pumps and water storage in 1852 , from which the carters then filled .
 These ferry @-@ like ships feature a roll @-@ on / roll @-@ off design with two loading ramps located on the bow and the stern .
The ships departed the Lora Naval Base on 11 October 2015 , loaded with four Patria AMVs , two trucks , one motor vehicle and 14 soldiers scheduled to take part in the exercise .
Gordon himself encouraged the crowd with " anti @-@ Catholic harangues " , denouncing approaching Members of Parliament , and groups began destroying and looting Catholic buildings or buildings owned by those they alleged to support Catholic relief .
The route heads southeasterly for most of its length , interchanging with Interstate 81 ( I @-@ 81 ) in Lenox Township .
With the hostile Apaches in their sights appearing ready to bolt , the soldiers did not wait and opened fire on their own initiative ; Victorio 's men scattered and withdrew out of carbine range .
The wagons held a load of provisions for Fort Davis with a company of infantry riding in some of the wagons .
The structures contained within these alcoves were mostly blocks of hard sandstone , held together and plastered with adobe mortar .
@ 6 ha ) of land would provide enough food for a family of three or four individuals for one year , providing they supplemented with game and wild plants .
Because the Ancestral Puebloans considered all material consumed and discarded by their communities as sacred , their midden piles were viewed with reverence .
 47 of the top 50 players in the ATP rankings entered the men 's singles event at the tournament with Rafael Nadal seeded first , followed by Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray .
Most seeded players continued their progress into the third round with eighth seed Fernando Verdasco winning his 200th ATP tour match in his career .
Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić were the highest ranked team to lose , falling to Nicolás Almagro and David Ferrer , along with third seeds Mahesh Bhupathi and Mark Knowles , who lost to French duo Julien Benneteau and Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga .
In his memoirs , Handy recalled being summoned to Trueblood 's office : " His desk was piled high with letters ... and clippings ... from around the country ... and he also had a copy of the McCutcheon cartoon .
IGN 's Matt Wales gave the episode a 10 out of 10 rating , saying it was " packed with huge , iconic moments " and stated , " by the end of it , we were left with more questions than answers and a far better sense of Moffat 's meticulous planning " .
However , he thought it was " a solid , exciting , pulse @-@ pounding 45 minutes " that was " tense , action @-@ packed , and stuffed with memorable one @-@ liners and touching character moments " , particularly praising Amy 's countdown and Octavian 's death , and gave the episode four out of five stars .
 In para @-@ Alpine @-@ skiing events , LW3 is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
At the urging of her undergraduate biology mentor Mary Scott Skinker , she settled for a temporary position with the U.S. Bureau of Fisheries , writing radio copy for a series of weekly educational broadcasts entitled Romance Under the Waters .
In fact , she concludes her section on DDT in Silent Spring not by urging a total ban , but with advice for spraying as little as possible to limit the development of resistance .
The modern colloquial name Ano Kalamaki ( upper Kalamaki ) arose in 1968 when Euonymeia was administratively linked with the coastal settlement of Kalamaki to the west , creating the contemporary Municipality of Alimos .
Sargent had maintained his connection with the school , and was present when Tippett and another boy played a C minor Concerto for Two Harpsichords by Bach on pianos with a local string orchestra .
 Chopin 's music is frequently played with rubato , " the practice in performance of disregarding strict time , ' robbing ' some note @-@ values for expressive effect " .
On March 7 , 1989 , he scored the 1,000th point of his career with a wraparound goal from behind the net against Bob Essensa in a 9 – 5 victory against the Winnipeg Jets .
At some point , the bridge was altered with the addition of a sewer pipe .
However , in 1984 , WBAB Fingers Metal Shop , a radio station , held a contest to meet and hang out with Slayer during a live recording .
Meteor showers are not associated with bodies outside the Solar System , making the proximity to Eta Carinae merely a coincidence .
The typical style of these structures is a rectangular or trapezoidal stone and earth mound that encloses a chamber lined with larger stone slabs .
 Cartooning is most frequently used in making comics , traditionally using ink ( especially India ink ) with dip pens or ink brushes ; mixed media and digital technology have become common .
The plant is sometimes incorrectly cited with the specific epithet in the masculine ( glandulosus or altissimus ) , which is incorrect since botanical , like Classical Latin , treats most tree names as feminine .
It sometimes enters undisturbed areas as well and competes with native plants .
By 1944 , with the war settling down , the City of London School returned to its home on the Victoria Embankment , which had suffered no structural damage during the Blitz .
 a whalebone @-@ fitted corset , and a skirt that dragged several inches on the floor , worn over several layers of starched petticoats with straw or horsehair sewn into the hems .
Twenty @-@ five shots were fired during the killing , so assuming it was fully loaded to begin with , it would have been reloaded at least twice .
 Sephiroth is revealed in Final Fantasy VII to be the result of an experiment by the megacorporation Shinra , in which they injected him with cells from the extraterrestrial lifeform Jenova when he was still a fetus .
Buffy scholar Nikki Stafford calls the surrealistic episode " unprecedented in television " , saying it is " so jam @-@ packed with information that we 'll probably be seeing allusions to it for the rest of the series " , and referring to it as a " mysterious lead @-@ in to the emotionally turbulent season five " . "
The economies in construction meant that only locomotives with low axle loadings could run safely on the track .
Wainwright left a legacy of competent but unspectacular locomotives that struggled to cope with the increased train lengths and loadings .
The Ted Daffan @-@ penned " Worried Mind " and " Born to Lose " expand his take on country balladry and feature a blend of piano blues with string arrangements .
Win Fanning , a syndicated columnist , stated that : " the comedy writing and performances by a beautifully integrated cast give Temperatures a bright , light quality so seldom achieved in a situation comedy " , and that it was : " loaded with one @-@ liners and sight gags , which , if kept on the level of the opener , promise many hours of hilarity " .
This means that it is only found frequently in southern England , with scattered records as far north as Yorkshire .
Two weeks later , on 1 May , Cricket Australia announced that along with James Hopes and Mick Lewis , Cameron White 's national contract would not be renewed for the next 12 months .
They had a British hit with Etta James ' R & B classic " I 'd Rather Go Blind " in 1969 , before Perfect left to join her husband John McVie in Fleetwood Mac , but remained largely focused on blues standards .
Matsui answered back , adding to the Yankees lead again with a single with the bases loaded in the bottom of the third , scoring Derek Jeter and Johnny Damon .
The cap cuticle is a poorly formed layer of inflated cells with scattered filamentous pileocystidia ( cystidia on the cap ) .
A study by the Brazilian research unit of the Fundação Getúlio Vargas regarding the effects of biofuels on grain prices concluded that the major driver behind the 2007 @-@ 2008 rise in food prices was speculative activity on futures markets under conditions of increased demand in a market with low grain stocks .
Meanwhile , group member Melody Thornton said of the song 's concept : " If you strive for higher and bigger things – along with that – comes hard work and dealing with a lot of stuff that you 'd never assume you 'd have to .
 Settlement of Labrador followed a similar pattern , with the interior being settled only in the latter part of the 20th century with the development of the iron ore mines at Wabush , hydroelectric generation at Churchill Falls and the military base at Goose Bay .
 Tuned amplifiers such as the one illustrated at the beginning of this article can be more generically depicted as a chain of transconductance amplifiers each loaded with a tuned circuit .
Michaels left the ring to allow Hogan to celebrate with the crowd , and Michaels once again became a fan favorite .
 Zinc oxide can react violently with aluminium and magnesium powders , with chlorinated rubber and linseed oil on heating causing fire and explosion hazard .
Pre @-@ seeding substrates with ZnO creates sites for homogeneous nucleation of ZnO crystal during the synthesis .
Pre @-@ seeding can be performed in conjunction with top down patterning methods such as electron beam lithography and nanosphere lithography to designate nucleation sites prior to growth .
Between 18 September 1934 and 20 September 1935 , a fourth and final pre @-@ war refit was carried out in Brest ; Lorraine 's amidships turret was removed , and an aircraft catapult along with a hangar for three aircraft were installed .
A televised interview hosted by Anupama Chopra in which Ranaut spoke out against gender bias and nepotism in Bollywood went viral online , which led Sunaina Kumar of Tehelka to write : " In this age of cookie @-@ cutter heroines with stock responses , Kangana Ranaut is refreshingly real and honest . "
The American DVD has also been released with DVD bundle packs , that include other films starring Jean @-@ Claude Van Damme .
The area is relatively well wooded , with both coniferous plantations and broadleaved woodland on the surrounding hills , and areas of alder woodland and pollarded willow along the valley floor .
 While students at South London 's Elliott School in 2005 , childhood friends Romy Madley Croft and Oliver Sim formed the xx with Jamie Smith and Baria Qureshi .
He performed a few songs , including " Mayonaise " , " Soma " and " Whir " marking his first appearance with the Smashing Pumpkins in 16 years .
Corgan acknowledged that a chord he jokingly claimed as " the Pumpkin chord " ( a G # octave chord at the eleventh fret of a guitar with the low E string played over it ) , used as the basis for " Cherub Rock " , " Drown " , and other songs , was in fact previously used by Jimi Hendrix .
The racing stock have been in training with multiple trainers including Bob Baffert , Mark Casse , D. Wayne Lukas , Todd Pletcher , Dale Romans and others .
 All cases were resolved with a settlement agreement in July 2010 , seven months after the initial suit was filed .
To settle his debts with Fifth Third , he agreed to annual payments based on a percentage of horse sales and proceeds from claiming races .
He went with the division to the Western Front in April and remained with the brigade during its settling in period in the Armentieres sector of the front .
His assistants were promoted from within the organization : former Quad City Flames coach Ryan McGill and Calgary Hitmen coach Dave Lowry joined Sutter 's staff along with former player Jamie McLennan , who became the team 's new goaltender coach .
The Flames presented the pair with silver sticks at a joint ceremony to honour them for their achievement .
Charlie Murder was promoted as a free Xbox download with Microsoft 's Games with Gold program during the month of June 2014 .
It was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the " transforming principle " responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith 's experiment of 1928 : killed Streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type III @-@ S , when injected along with living but non @-@ virulent type II @-@ R pneumococci , resulted in a deadly infection of type III @-@ S pneumococci .
 Between 1944 and 1954 , the paper was cited at least 239 times ( with citations spread evenly through those years ) , mostly in papers on microbiology , immunochemistry , and biochemistry .
Behind the corvette , Minerve and Ceylon pushed into the channel and signalled Morice to follow them , exchanging fire with the fort .
Clark was photographed exchanging hats with Mladić , and the photo drew controversy in the United States .
Duties include environmental policy , family law , law enforcement , search and rescue , tourism management , information services , contact with foreign settlements , and judge in some areas of maritime inquiries and judicial examinations — albeit never in the same cases as acting as police .
The subpellis ( the tissue layer immediately under the pellis ) is abruptly differentiated from the pellis , 150 – 220 µm thick , and comprises interwoven , nearly hyaline , thin @-@ walled hyphae 2 – 10 µm wide with scattered cells up to 15 µm wide .
The gleba is made of hyaline , thin @-@ walled , interwoven hyphae that are 2 – 7 µm broad with scattered cells that are inflated up to 15 µm .
We tried to construct a little boy with a movable rubber face to see whether we could make it look appealing , " producer Jan Harlan reflected . "
 After considering his options , Bushnell decided to settle with Magnavox out of court .
Furthermore , John of Gaunt returned to England in 1389 and settled his differences with the king , after which the old statesman acted as a moderating influence on English politics .
Producing most of its own food , the Society also experimented widely with planting trees and crops such as eucalyptus and avocado , giving that formerly barren part of Point Loma its current heavily wooded character .
She wanted to settle down in a comfortable place with a husband and have children .
 On the night of 19 November 1918 , when the steamer left Gränna it was loaded with iron stoves , plowshares , sewing machines and barrels of produce .
Trigg hit Styles with a kendo stick and left the ring , which allowed Cage to pin Styles to win the bout .
The feed returned to Styles and Trigg fighting in Round Two , with Styles grabbing a kendo stick from under the ring and assaulting Trigg with it .
 Andrews discussed the experience of witnessing the show live along with the crowd reaction during his review .
Sting ’ s opening promo were greeted warmly and Curry Man ’ s comical segments with Christy Hemme tickled the crowd .
Ultimately , that opinion was squashed , symbolized by Styles beating Trigg with a kendo stick after the match . "
The boomboxes featured in the video are animated to look like drawings and a performance by Bedingfield in a room with flowing white drapery has been added .
Garden ponds stocked with ornamental fish are attractive to herons , and may provide young birds with a learning opportunity on how to catch easy prey .
The female gathers nesting material close to the nest site , while the male is engaged in song flights , and she builds the shallow , open , cup @-@ shaped nest from fine twigs , grass , and other plant material bound with spiderweb , lining it with grass , roots , fibre , horse hair , flowers or wool .
The track was engineered by Justin Hergett with help from James Krausse , Paul Pavao and Edward Valldejuli .
Greg Kot from the Chicago Tribune compared the song 's electro @-@ funk groove with Jimmy Jam 's collaboration with Janet Jackson during the 1980s while Shefield also compared it with Jackson 's album The Velvet Rope ( 1997 ) .
AllMusic 's Andy Kellman chose the song as the best one on the album , writing that it is a " playfully risqué boogie loaded with instantly memorable lines " .
Shots of people roler @-@ skating inside the rink with disco balls hanging from the ceiling follow .
Brent DiCrescenzo of the magazine Time Out listed the video as the album 's second best further describing it as a " candied and cool disco cut stuffed with ' 80s cheese " .
 We are not selling hope , or audience gratification , or cheap victories with this show .
In a season @-@ long subplot , the Barksdale organization continues its drug trafficking despite Avon 's imprisonment , with Stringer Bell assuming greater power .
Much of the development of steam power had occurred in Great Britain , with Thomas Newcomen and James Watt instrumental in developing and commercializing steam power there and elsewhere in Europe , with several hundred of machines operating there in industrial and labor @-@ saving applications by 1800 .
From then on , he became known for personally addressing disruptive fans and giving instructions to security personnel from the stage , at times stopping concerts to deal with issues in the crowd .
After the war , improvement of the gardens did not resume until the 1960s , when the wives of the 4th and 5th Dukes worked with the designer James Russell .
Edward 's surroundings and possessions were regally splendid : his rooms were hung with costly Flemish tapestries , and his clothes , books , and cutlery were encrusted with precious jewels and gold .
Once the storm had abated it was clear that Hector was foundering ; her rudder and masts had been torn away and the pumps were unable to keep pace with the water leaking through the battered hull .
Inman was consequently afraid for his life and for the next six months slept with three loaded pistols beside him .
Bradshaw felt that " Wilson and Beckinsale have the chops for scary movies " while Gleiberman noted that " Luke Wilson , with his hangdog defensive mopiness , and Kate Beckinsale , all sexy severity , are ideally matched as a couple who hate each other . "
Tim Sendra of Allmusic describes " Summertime " as an R & B " sweet love song " with lush sampled strings and acoustic guitars .
Phelps dominated again , finishing in the top seed position with a world record time of 51 @.
The first Trips Festival , sponsored by the Merry Pranksters and held at the Longshoremen 's Hall in January 1966 , saw The Grateful Dead , and Big Brother and the Holding Company play to an audience of 10 @,@ 000 , giving many their first encounter with both acid rock , with its long instrumentals and unstructured jams , and LSD .
Dressed in a shiny green plastic suit , festooned with wires and necklaces strung with teeth , Veloso provoked the students with his sensual movements and startling new psychedelic music .
It stretches away north @-@ east from the castle , with an earth and rubble bank up to 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) high and 8 metres ( 26 ft ) wide , with a bastion and demi @-@ bastion at its corners and a ditch , up to 0 @.
His association with James Touchet , Baron Audley – one of Wiltshire 's men – implies so .
The Austin Chronicle 's Joey O 'Brien , said that although the screenplay was " practically loaded with wild ideas , knowingly campy dialogue and offbeat characterizations " , it " switched gears " too fast and too frequently that " the audience is left struggling to catch up as [ The Frighteners ] twists and turns its way unmercifully towards a literally out @-@ of @-@ this @-@ world finale " .
Most species need moderate conditions , not too eutrophic , not too acid ; a few species such as Sympetrum danae ( black darter ) and Libellula quadrimaculata ( four @-@ spotted chaser ) prefer acidic waters such as peat bogs , while others such as Libellula fulva ( scarce chaser ) need slow @-@ moving , eutrophic waters with reeds or similar waterside plants .
 In a Rolling Stone interview by Margaret MacIntyre , Kennedy explained : " Ayers Rock was getting a live response that , to speak for myself , I hadn 't seen happen with a crowd ... for a long time " .
Jay Glatfelter of The Huffington Post said that this " episode of Lost not only continued this season 's thrilling momentum ; it proved to fans that even in its fourth season , it still leaves us with our jaws hanging open … this was the make of possibly one of my favorite Lost episodes ever . "
Around a campfire , he listens to tales ; the Bouto or river dolphin used to take " the shape of a beautiful woman , with hair hanging loose to her heels , and walking ashore at night in the streets of Ega , to entice the young men down to the water " where the Bouto would grab them and " plunge beneath the waves with a triumphant cry " .
They go turtle @-@ hunting ; and Bates kills an alligator with a heavy stick .
On July 29 , a van loaded with 300 kilograms ( 660 lb ) of explosives went off in front of a Civil Guard barracks in Burgos , injuring 70 , including women and children .
 ( 1933 ) The 1933 Scout Jamboree Book with James E. West
Cardinal Demetrius , Archbishop of Esztergom , crowned Mary " king " with the Holy Crown of Hungary in Székesfehérvár on 17 September , a day after her father 's burial .
In 1927 , when he was 12 years old , he flew in a plane piloted by barnstormer Doug Davis , dropping candy bars with tiny parachutes to the crowd of people attending the races at the Hialeah Park Race Track .
 Working with the Boeing plant in Wichita , Kansas , Tibbets test flew the B @-@ 29 , and soon accumulated more flight time in it than any other pilot .
The local St Mary & St Peter 's CE VC Primary School , which has bases at Barrington and Ilton , has a vegetable plot where the children plant , tend and cook the produce ; the walls are also strewn with apple , pear and plum trees .
 After impressing for Manchester United in the 2010 – 11 pre @-@ season , King joined Football League Championship side Preston North End – managed by Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson 's son , Darren – on a three @-@ month loan deal on 7 August 2010 , becoming Preston 's 1,000th player and linking up with fellow United loanee Matty James .
But after a fun night exploring the city with Jamie , Dylan agrees to accept the position .
A few days later , Dylan returns to New York , trying to reconcile his friendship with Jamie and find out why she has been ignoring him .
When the moment comes , he catches up with Jamie and tells her how he really feels .
Architectural historian Howard Colvin has speculated that he was associated with James Smith and that Campbell may even have been his pupil .
He spent most of his career in Italy and England and developed a rivalry with fellow Scot James Gibbs .
He may have trained James Norie ( 1684 – 1757 ) , who with his sons James ( 1711 – 36 ) and Robert ( d .
After the Glorious Revolution Dutch influences were also significant , with uniform planting and topiary .
The other equine species tend to occupy more arid environments with more scattered vegetation .
In addition , estrous females will stand with their hind legs spread and raise their tails when in the presence of a male .
The USN declined to participate in the procurement , citing the limited range and payload compared with conventional aircraft .
Using the leading edge root extensions , the new wing allows for a 6 @,@ 700 lb ( 3 @,@ 035 kg ) increase in payload compared with the first @-@ generation Harriers after a 1 @,@ 000 ft ( 300 m ) takeoff roll .
Overlapped 800 mm ( 31 in ) diameter road wheels with rubber cushions and steel tyres rode inside the tracks .
He wears an old Boy Scout knapsack , and his jacket pockets are stuffed with pamphlets from dozens of fringe splinter groups .
Lester Bangs dismissed it in a Rolling Stone review as " discordant jams with bass and guitar reeling like velocitised speedfreaks all over each other 's musical perimeters , yet never quite finding synch " .
We 've done them for so many years , it 's nice to do just all the stuff we did with Ronnie again . "
 On 29 September 2014 , vocalist Ozzy Osbourne told Metal Hammer that Black Sabbath would begin work on their twentieth studio album in early 2015 with producer Rick Rubin , followed by a final tour in 2016 .
The guitarist began using lighter strings , and detuning his guitar , to better grip the strings with his prosthesis .
 Metallica 's Lars Ulrich , who , along with bandmate James Hetfield inducted Black Sabbath into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 , said " Black Sabbath is and always will be synonymous with heavy metal " , while Hetfield said " Sabbath got me started on all that evil @-@ sounding shit , and it 's stuck with me .
He found that there was only one size of strings available , so after years with Sabbath he had strings custom made .
He then came on with the bayonet followed by a crowd of New Zealanders .
Also released are Sarah Jane 's Sonic Lipstick with Watch Scanner and Alien Communicator .
A witness in another part of the camp later told of the Gypsies unsuccessfully battling the SS with improvised weapons before being loaded into trucks .
Many were subjected to hanging with their hands behind their backs for hours , even days , thus dislocating their shoulder joints .
With his support for Polish and Hungarian membership in the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund and for the East European pluralistic evolution in general , the Soviet leader effectively pushed East Europe toward the West .
These boilers were coal @-@ burning with auxiliary oil sprayers .
Surfaces are glazed or rubbed over , and the coin has a worn look ... Stephen Foster 's bust on the obverse is a distorted or compressed lump , and the " goddess of music " has much the same appeal of a dancer with cramps .
The band partnered with AT & T in order to promote the album , appearing in a national spot for the HTC Status ; the band also partnered with Best Buy , which sold a uniquely colored HTC Status preloaded with the band 's music .
With the pumps shut off , there was no hope to save Karlsruhe , and so her commander , Friedrich Rieve issued the order to abandon her two hours after the attack .
It depicts a sleeping woman draped over the end of a bed with her head hanging down , exposing her long neck .
The room is hung with red velvet curtains which drape behind the bed .
In Seattle , hundreds of rock fans attacked a mobile dance floor , while in Portland , Oregon , a disc jockey destroyed a stack of disco records with a chainsaw as thousands looked on and cheered .
Jailers would load prisoners with fetters and other iron , then charge for their removal , known as " easement of irons " ( or " choice of irons " ) ; this became known as the " trade of chains . "
Unable to pay the prison fee , he had been burned with a red @-@ hot poker , hit with a stick and kept in a dungeon for ten days for having wounded the warden with a shoemaker 's knife .
Later , Bart and Milhouse discover the loaded firearm and play with it in the kitchen .
In 2012 , KOF ' 94 was announced to be included in the set of twenty pre @-@ loaded games being shipped with SNK Playmore 's new handheld game console Neo @-@ Geo X , but it was ultimately replaced by The King of Fighters ' 95 .
@ 8 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
 Initial copies of the album came bundled with the Slow Life EP in packaging which could be folded into the shape of a video game arcade cabinet , or " personal console " as described on the instructions section of the sleeve .
In a review of the third season , Mike LeChevallier of Slate , wrote that the series " scores relatively high marks for storytelling , artwork , music , voice acting , and realization with its neatly wrapped , 11 @-@ minute packages of multicolored awesomeness " , awarding the third and fourth seasons a rating of four stars out of five .
Jamaica had a reputation for its widespread anti @-@ gay prejudice , an attitude that pervaded public discourse at all levels of society , with a number of popular Jamaican musicians inciting violence against gay men in their lyrics .
The earliest fossil remains of the modern species date back to the mid @-@ Pleistocene in association with the refuse of early human settlements .
The spread of red foxes across the southern part of the continent has coincided with the spread of rabbits in Australia and corresponds with declines in the distribution of several medium @-@ sized ground @-@ dwelling mammals , including brush @-@ tailed bettongs , burrowing bettongs , rufous bettongs , bilbys , numbats , bridled nailtail wallabys and quokkas .
However , conservation of energy is a fundamental principle of physics , more specifically a consequence of the unchanging nature of physical laws with time by Noether 's Theorem .
Intercut throughout the episode , a series of off @-@ island scenes show Sun about to give birth and Jin experiencing a series of difficulties in his efforts to reach the hospital with a gift of a stuffed panda .
After her test , she and the other Dauntless members are injected with a new " tracking " serum that supposedly activates if someone goes missing .
She injects Four with an experimental serum that overrides his Divergence , to control what he can see and hear .
In her masters thesis , Ashley Ann Haynes describes fractioning of societies within Divergent as a supporting comparison with Hunger Games .
Despite its nearby proximity , effects in Tampa , Florida were much less severe , with only small showers and gusts never exceeding 25 mph ( 40 km / h ) .
In his last match , Punk was visibly crying and was showered with streamers when he posed in the middle of the ring .
I 'm trying to stick with that .
In figs of this group , seed germination usually takes place in the canopy of a host tree with the seedling living as an epiphyte until its roots establish contact with the ground .
The newly emerged female wasps actively pack their bodies with pollen from the male flowers before leaving through the exit holes the males have cut and fly off to find a syconium in which to lay their eggs .
Kilo is implanted with a computer chip that allows him to access the dataverse and can use hacking to defeat enemies and solve environmental puzzles .
After splitting the rest of the war between voyages to North America and Africa , Empire Simba was loaded with chemical weapons in August 1945 and scuttled west of Ireland .
There she was loaded with 8 @,@ 000 tons of chemical weapons that had been stockpiled for use if the Germans had used chemical weapons first .
While Ricciardo was able to get out and set a lap sufficient to see him proceed to the second part of qualifying ( Q2 ) , Verstappen went out only to see his engine cover blown off at Curva Grande , scattering the track with debris , though at the very end of the session , so no other cars were affected .
NSB will need to replace the Class 92 trains towards the end the 2010s , and want to coordinate the new stock with electrification .
 Potter 's own three @-@ door oven , her hearthrug , her indoor plants , her coronation teapot , and her water pump are minutely detailed with more color than in other productions .
 Late in 1968 , after producing sessions in Los Angeles for a solo album by Apple Records signing Jackie Lomax , Harrison spent Thanksgiving and much of December in upstate New York , where he renewed his friendship with a now semi @-@ retired Dylan and took part in informal jam sessions with the Band .
Bertuzzi had emerged as an effective power forward , able to use his size and strength to position himself in front of the net , with good stickhandling ability .
Although the Canucks were the league 's highest scoring team , they finished with the final seed in the West for the 2002 playoffs , ranking eighth in their conference .
By 17 : 45 , L 'Héritier was in full flight with the British force strung out behind him , the rest of Bridport 's fleet far to the west .
With the head of a sow , Varahi is the shakti ( feminine energy , or sometimes , consort ) of Varaha , the boar Avatar of the god Vishnu .
 Varahi is usually depicted with her characteristic sow face on a human body with a black complexion comparable to a storm cloud .
Posing as Mulder , he infiltrated Scully 's house , and injected William with a magnetite substance to seemingly " cure " the baby of his telekinetic powers .
The agents search for Jacob , finding him in a synagogue with the hanged body of the last remaining boy .
 Villanova enjoyed a 20 – 14 season after a down year and reached the NCAA Tournament where they were seeded ninth and matched up with eight seed North Carolina in the first round .
 Prior to the 2015 NBA draft , Hilliard signed with James Dunleavy as his agent .
In 2009 , all of Upper Pine Bottom Run has been designated as approved trout waters by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission , which means that it is stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season .
Because the clumps were not resolved , they may or may not include larger bodies , but are certainly associated with concentrations of microscopic dust as evidenced by their enhanced brightness when backlit by the Sun .
Revolutionary was reviewed by Nancy Tobin Willig as " a portrait of a young black woman screaming slogans – with a bandoleer loaded with real bullets slung over her shoulder .
This process reduces its viscosity , which enables the polymer to flow with the driving force of the injection unit .
 Two @-@ shot or multi @-@ shot moulds are designed to " overmould " within a single moulding cycle and must be processed on specialized injection moulding machines with two or more injection units .
 With injection moulding , granular plastic is fed by a forced ram from a hopper into a heated barrel .
DGC issued a new version of the album with reworked packaging to the stores in March 1994 .
During his time in Fiji , Dunstan mixed easily with the Indian settlers and indigenous people , something that was frowned upon by the whites on the island .
Corcoran 's lack of media savvy , the Advertiser 's bias towards the Liberals at this election , and the public 's widespread dissatisfaction with the economy and bus strikes , brought about an 8 @.
 On 25 November 1987 , PFLP @-@ GC launched an attack , in which two fedayeen infiltrated northern Israel from an undisclosed Syrian @-@ controlled area in southern Lebanon with hang gliders .
It is too introspective , too metaphysical , too much overloaded with learning of different kinds " .
 Big Wapwallopen Creek is stocked with trout .
It was stocked with rainbow trout a month before the fishing season in 2014 , on March 5 .
It has also been stocked with brook trout at times .
 With the producer question settled , Schlatter set about assembling the crew for the series .
The club 's first competitive football match was in the FA Cup preliminary round , drawing 3 – 3 with Stockton on 17 September , but they were eliminated after losing the replay 4 – 1 on 22 September .
George attempts to intercept the drink , but after Levitan welcomes him back with a toast sprinkled with insults at George 's expense , he changes his mind .
It was an expanded South Dakota , carrying either twelve 16 @-@ inch / 45 caliber Mark 6 guns or nine 18 @-@ inch ( 460 mm ) guns — the latter armament being dropped after the 31 March agreement — with more armor and a power plant large enough to drive the larger ship through the water at the same speed as the South Dakotas , 27 knots ( 50 km / h ; 31 mph ) .
He later explained that he had uploaded it only to share it with family members on completion of the memorial services for Thomas 's grandmother .
 At the end of " Malice in Wonderland " Grissom sends Sara two plants with a note saying " From Grissom "
 I was sitting outside on a pile of logs in the evening with Solomon ( Shlomo ) Leitman , who subsequently became my top commander in the uprising .
Within days after the uprising , the SS chief Heinrich Himmler ordered the camp closed , dismantled and planted with trees .
 Craigiehall was designed by Sir William Bruce , with input from James Smith , and completed in 1699 for the Earl of Annandale , who had recently acquired the Craigie estate through marriage .
 Smart Two @-@ Way Firewall : Prevents cybercriminals from hacking into your Mac ® , stealing your personal information and messing with your stuff .
While a few people try to give a misportrayal of the historical Qing situation in light of the contemporary situation in Xinjiang with Han migration , and claim that the Qing settlements and state farms were an anti @-@ Uyghur plot to replace them in their land , Professor James A. Millward pointed out that the Qing agricultural colonies in reality had nothing to do with Uyghur and their land , since the Qing banned settlement of Han in the Uyghur Tarim Basin and in fact directed the Han settlers instead to settle in the non @-@ Uyghur Dzungaria and the new city of Urumqi , so that the state farms which were settled with 155 @,@ 000 Han Chinese from 1760 @-@ 1830 were all in Dzungaria and Urumqi , where there was only an insignificant amount of Uyghurs , instead of the Tarim Basin oases .
Li Zhi , party chief of Ürümqi , stood on the roof of a police car with a megaphone appealing to the crowd to go home .
In the CDP the population was spread out with 26 @.
They settled on the idea of filming with a live , albeit controlled audience .
The essays in Krieg und Krieger called for a revolutionary reorganization of German society , which was to be led by " heroic " leaders who would create a " new moral code " based upon the idea that life was a never @-@ ending , Social Darwinian " struggle " that could only be settled with violence .
Promotion began with distributing stickers at live events .
Clutch " a handle which stuck with West for his entire career .
With West not yet in shape , Baylor and the Lakers fell back 3 – 2 ; then they succumbed in Game 6 in front of their home crowd with a 112 – 109 loss .
In a city of tenements packed with poorly paid laborers from dozens of nations , the city was a hotbed of revolution ( including anarchists and communists among others ) , syndicalism , racketeering , and unionization .
 Manhattan 's population was spread out with 16 @.
 The rise of immigration near the turn of the 20th century left major portions of Manhattan , especially the Lower East Side , densely packed with recent arrivals , crammed into unhealthy and unsanitary housing .
These early attempts to promote the town as a health resort meant that by the time Tregonwell had died in 1832 , Bournemouth had grown into a small community with a scattering of houses , villas and cottages .
The House of Keys building in Castletown was described as too small , and " dilapidated with the wallpaper hanging off the wall . "
Situated atop a mound with an elevation of 244 meters ( 801 ft ) , al @-@ Rahba oversees the Syrian Desert steppe and historically guarded the Euphrates valley .
He was crowned king with the Holy Crown of Hungary in Székesfehérvár by the Archbishop of Esztergom , as it was required by customary law , on August 27 , 1310 .
Violence broke out at the Adoration monastery as police began caning the protestors with sticks and bursting teargas shells to disperse them , while they pelted stones at police vans and police .
The Liberals proposed legislation to establish a government @-@ financed corporation , with half the stock to be owned by the CNR and half by the privately owned Canadian Pacific Railway ( CPR ) .
On his return , Howe expropriated the troubled National Steel Car Ltd. plant which was beset with management problems , setting up Victory Aircraft Limited as a Crown Corporation , removing the executives and installing J.P. Bickell , one of Howe 's " dollar @-@ a @-@ year club " as the new president and chairman of the board .
 Late in the siege , Union troops tunneled under the 3rd Louisiana Redan and packed the mine with 2 @,@ 200 pounds of gunpowder .
He was largely employed in carrying despatches and maintaining communications with other ships scattered throughout the Mediterranean ports .
 Six months after construction had begun and with only the piling and a temporary road around the site having been completed , Hart announced on 17 July 2001 that the National Assembly had terminated the contract of RRP .
He makes a bomb and plants it in a mining site with a massive gas leak .
An armoured brigade under Colonel Albert Mandler entered Quneitra at 2 : 30 p.m. and found the city deserted and strewn with abandoned military equipment .
The surrender of Quneitra was controversial , with Israeli settlers and the Likud and National Religious Party opposing it .
In addition to vocalisations , palm cockatoos communicate over large distances by drumming on a dead branch with a stick .
It holds the cones in its foot and shreds them with its powerful bill before removing the seeds with its tongue .
 The nesting hollows are lined with sticks , wood chips and branches with leaves .
Many species of open country have benefited greatly from anthropogenic changes to the landscape , with the great increase in reliable seed food sources , available water and have also adapted well to a diet including foreign foodstuffs .
Such cigars are normally packed with a minute chemical explosive charge near the lighting end or with a non @-@ chemical device that ruptures the cigar when exposed to heat .
The cover ( pictured at right ) bears the headline , " You 'll Get a BANG out of this issue of Mad Magazine " , and features a painting by Norman Mingo depicting Castro in the act of lighting a cigar wrapped with a cigar band on which is drawn Alfred E. Neuman with his fingers plugging his ears , awaiting the explosion .
By 1949 , the Soviets had concluded a mutual assistance treaty , the Comecon , with Hungary , that granted the Soviet Union rights to a continued military presence , assuring ultimate political control .
 The Rákosi government thoroughly politicised Hungary 's educational system to supplant the educated classes with a " toiling intelligentsia " .
Hungarian soldiers sent to relieve the ÁVH hesitated and then , tearing the red stars from their caps , sided with the crowd .
This document proclaimed : " The Soviet Government is prepared to enter into the appropriate negotiations with the government of the Hungarian People 's Republic and other members of the Warsaw Treaty on the question of the presence of Soviet troops on the territory of Hungary . "
 Khrushchev stated that many in the Communist Party would not understand a failure to respond with force in Hungary .
Madonna then appeared on the stage and started performing the song while interchanging places with the hologram figures of the band .
Madmartigan is dosed with love dust by the brownies and declares his undying love for Sorsha .
The injury was reported as a dislocation , but according to the book , Simms to McConkey , written by Phil McConkey , Simms , and Dick Schaap , the injury was much more severe , with the thumb literally hanging off after impact , and the bone sticking out through the skin .
In 1998 , he moved to CBS with the AFC package , teaming first with Greg Gumbel ( through the end of the 2003 season ) and currently with Jim Nantz on the CBS 's lead broadcast team .
He hosts Inside the NFL on Showtime ( another CBS holding ) with James Brown and Cris Collinsworth .
Lourim had Cassidy 's written permission to release the album and eventually the cover was changed to look like the original LP album while already released copies were affixed with a sticker indicating that they are not solo Eva Cassidy albums .
The banyan may be decorated with flowers or strewn with rice and other offerings .
The mother returned home with her children and spread the worship of the goddess , who blessed her family with children , wealth and happiness .
Because the decay of radioactive elements would eventually heat the ices enough for the rock to separate from them , scientists expect that Pluto 's internal structure is differentiated , with the rocky material having settled into a dense core surrounded by a mantle of water ice .
The service includes a first course consisting of finger sandwiches with sliced cucumber , cream cheese , and smoked salmon , all served in silver trays , a second course consisting of scones with clotted cream and jam , followed by a pastry tray with a selection of freshly @-@ made patisseries .
John and Cynthia had not realised the notability of the event and attended with a hangover , with Lennon disappointing the crowd which had gathered at the Dorchester who were expecting a speech , simply muttering " Thank you very much , it 's been a pleasure " .
 There is evidence of early human activity in the Birmingham area dating back 10 @,@ 000 years , with stone age artefacts suggesting seasonal settlements , overnight hunting parties and woodland activities such as tree felling .
Major industrial plants within the city include Jaguar Land Rover in Castle Bromwich and Cadbury in Bournville , with large local producers also supporting a supply chain of precision @-@ based small manufacturers and craft industries .
 Birmingham Metropolitan College is one of the largest further education colleges in the country , with fourteen campuses spread across Birmingham and into the Black Country and Worcestershire .
This was partially because increasing mechanization and changing needs within the military called for horses with more speed in cavalry charges as well as horses with more bulk for pulling gun carriages .
Bogland shares a number of plant and animal species with heathland but is also a habitat for species of bog cotton as well as bog asphodel , sedges ( which contribute to the formation of peat ) and bog moss .
Chopra 's performance received mixed reviews , with Bollywood Hungama describing it as " mechanical " .
Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India thought that Chopra 's role completely reinvented her , and Rajeev Masand wrote : " Springing a delightful surprise in a smaller part is [ Chopra ] , who sprinkles her lines with a smattering of fluent Marathi and emerges one of the film 's most lovable characters . "
Tammas managed to escape from the nuckelavee after he inadvertently splashed it with water from the loch he was alongside ; this briefly distracted the monster , allowing Tammas to run over to a nearby channel of fresh water and jump to safety on the opposite bank .
One face of the fragmentary silver cover of the portable altar also recovered from Cuthbert 's coffin has a similar combination of elements , with both areas of interlace and , in the four corners , a simple plant motif with a central bud or leaf and a spiral shoot on either side .
Eardulf had decided to take the most important remains and possessions of the community with them , and whether new or old , the shelf in Cuthbert 's coffin was probably loaded with the St Cuthbert Gospel , which was found there in 1104 .
After three or four months it was felt safe to return , and the party had nearly reached Chester @-@ le @-@ Street when their wagon became definitively stuck close to Durham , then a place with cultivated fields , but hardly a settlement , perhaps just an isolated farm .
 Because titanium is non @-@ ferromagnetic , patients with titanium implants can be safely examined with magnetic resonance imaging ( convenient for long @-@ term implants ) .
 Work took place during 1866 , and the facility opened in that year with the name Goldstone Pumping Station .
The new engine house was equipped with the " Number 2 Engine " — a 250 @-@ horsepower Woolf compound unit built by the firm of Easton and Anderson and with a pumping capacity of 150 @,@ 000 imperial gallons ( 680 @,@ 000 l ) per hour .
 From the beginning , the overriding purpose of the collection of exhibits was to portray and explain the history and development of civil and mechanical engineering and British industry , through both the restoration of the pumping station 's original equipment and the acquisition of other pieces associated with industrial pioneers such as James Watt , Michael Faraday and George Stephenson .
on DVD and Blu @-@ Ray in mid @-@ November 2012 across all regions in a one @-@ disc pack complying with the NTSC format .
Over 90 percent of the incarcerees were from the Los Angeles area , with the rest coming from Stockton , California ; and Bainbridge Island , Washington .
The ever @-@ present dust was a continual problem due to the frequent high winds ; so much so that incarcerees usually woke up in the morning covered from head to toe with a fine layer of dust , and they constantly had to sweep dirt out of the barracks .
 " ... One of the hardest things to endure was the communal latrines , with no partitions ; and showers with no stalls , " said former Manzanar incarceree Rosie Kakuuchi .
Castles , in the sense of a fortified residence of a lord or noble , arrived in Scotland as part of David I 's encouragement of Norman and French nobles to settle with feudal tenures , particularly in the south and east , and were a way of controlling the contested lowlands .
They were built extensively on both sides of the border with England and James IV 's forfeiture of the Lordship of the Isles in 1494 led to an immediate burst of castle building across the region .
There were continuities with pre @-@ Reformation materials , with some churches using rubble , as at Kemback in Fife ( 1582 ) .
Architectural historian Howard Colvin has speculated that he was associated with James Smith and that Campbell may even have been his pupil .
He spent most of his career in Italy and England and developed a rivalry with fellow Scot James Gibbs .
In contrast many Lowland cottages had distinct rooms and chambers , were clad with plaster or paint and even had glazed windows .
 In the post @-@ war period Scotland continued to produce important architects , including James Stirling ( 1926 – 92 ) , who with James Gowan ( 1923 – ) designed the Flats at Ham Common , London ( 1955 – 8 ) , considered a landmark in the development of modernist , brutalist residential planning , which would have a profound impact in Scotland .
When the Turks have settled with Persia , they will fly at our throats supported by the might of the whole East ; how unprepared we are I dare not say . "
All of the eight Timema species with a dorsal stripe have at least one host plant with needle @-@ like foliage .
They eventually diverged into two distinct ecotypes with a more specialist host plant preference .
Kent arrived later that night , this time with James Franzen and priests William Dodd and Thomas Broughton .
He arrived with a small party which included James Penn of St Ann 's in Aldersgate .
A Captain Wilkinson was also included on the committee ; he had attended one séance armed with a pistol and stick ; the former to shoot the source of the knocking , and the latter to make his escape ( the ghost had remained silent on that occasion ) .
The courtroom was crowded with spectators , who watched as Kent gave evidence against those in the dock .
Ever a sceptic , in his discussions with his biographer James Boswell , he said :
In such danger , the retiarius could sever the drawstring from his wrist with his dagger .
He stood on a bridge or raised platform with stairs and had a pile of fist @-@ sized stones to lob at his adversaries and keep them at bay .
A new sub @-@ governess , Martha Gouldsworthy – hired on Finch 's recommendation – now spent frequent time with the princesses , chaperoning and supervising their studies in preparation for their lessons with their teacher Miss Planta .
 In his 1902 novel The Fifth String , a young violinist made a deal with the Devil for a magic violin with five strings .
That 's a two @-@ piece with a string . '
McNish had been suffering with piles and homesickness from almost before the voyage had begun , and once the ship was lost his frustration began to grow .
With the loss of their principal military leader , the Serbs settled for a negotiated peace with the Byzantines , which was very advantageous for them as they were left in possession of most of the cities won by Syrgiannes in northern Macedonia .
These legends are changing with the deity 's burgeoning popularity with Buddhists , as the Buddhist ritual specialists and clergy try to accommodate the deity within Buddhist ideals of nontheism .
They propitiate the deity by building a shrine made out of thatched leaves with a lance or arrow planted in the middle of the structure .
With the advancement of settled agriculture , Murukan became identified with the tribal chieftains as a god of war , becoming popular among all segments of the society .
Kiedis later described the experience in his autobiography Scar Tissue : " Within a few minutes of hanging out with Hillel , I sensed that he was absolutely different from most of the people I 'd spent time with ...
In the cutscene where he meets Rinoa , she coerces him into dancing with her at the SeeD graduation party .
Horror stories , he said , had a place , but " horror injected with a sharp and poisoned needle is just as effective as when applied with the blunt @-@ instrument technique of the so @-@ called Gothic horror tale " .
The loading galleries were ingenious and allowed the guns to be muzzle loaded with shells dragged along a conveyor belt directly to the muzzle of the gun , when it was in a downward tilted position .
In the first game the character was portrayed by Lake , with Timothy Gibbs and James McCaffrey later taking over the role , and consistently voiced by McCaffrey .
Skinner checks in with Doggett who reports that Hangemuhl 's kidneys have healed spontaneously .
After settling his contract dispute with Fox , Duchovny quit full @-@ time participation in the show after the seventh season .
 There was widespread dissatisfaction with Octavian over these settlements of his soldiers , and this encouraged many to rally at the side of Lucius Antonius , who was brother of Mark Antony and supported by a majority in the Senate .
Jam recalled that with the song , they were trying to do something like Marvin Gaye 's song " What 's Going On " although we never could hope to achieve that , but still wanted to make people aware of what was happening in a way they could dance to it .
On 17 March 2008 , the financial terms of the divorce were finalised , with a settlement awarding Mills £ 24 @.
Vegetation would be carefully painted with a trimmed brush , while even finer detail , such as pollen , would be rendered using a matchstick .
 In 1997 , Harvey became involved with Jamaica AIDS Support for Life ( JASL ) , an organisation that was a partner of Christian Aid .
The ballroom is packed with blues fans , police officers , and the Good Ol ' Boys .
As related in the liner notes of the band 's debut album , Briefcase Full of Blues , the brothers grew up in an orphanage , learned the blues from a janitor named Curtis , and sealed their brotherhood by cutting their middle fingers with a steel string said to have come from the guitar of Elmore James .
It was also released in a 2 @-@ Pack VHS box set with along with Animal House .
By the turn of the century , the combination of industrial pollutants and runoff from storm water , fortified with the products of the new sewage system , rendered the waterway a repository of rank odors , euphemistically called by wise @-@ cracking locals " Lavender Lake " .
With the early 1960s growth of containerization , New York 's loss of industrial waterfront jobs during this period was evident on the canal and , with the failure of the city sewage and pump station infrastructure along the canal , Gowanus was used as a derelict dumping place .
The project at that point , now called Pacific Park , was to include a basketball arena and 17 skyscrapers , with the resulting sewage would flow into antiquated combined sewers that can overflow when it rains .
Wigner 's team produced a preliminary report on water cooling , designated CE @-@ 140 in April 1942 , followed by a more detailed one , CE @-@ 197 , titled " On a Plant with Water Cooling " , in July 1942 .
Each channel was loaded with between 24 and 54 fuel slugs .
In 1979 the SEC case with American Financial was settled , with Keating signing a consent agreement where he neither admitted nor denied guilt but agreed not to violate federal fraud and securities statutes .
He gained public recognition with leading roles in The Basketball Diaries ( 1995 ) , and the romantic drama Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) , before achieving international fame with James Cameron 's epic romance , Titanic ( 1997 ) , which became the highest @-@ grossing film to that point .
One idea was to have the entire film set with two actors stuck in an elevator and being shot in the point of view of security cameras .
The defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588 incidentally made it more difficult for Puritans to resist the conclusion that since God " blew with his wind and they were scattered " he could not be too offended by the religious establishment in the land .
Each of the C @-@ 17s involved in the flight carried a different type of cargo to showcase the type 's capabilities ; A41 @-@ 211 was configured for aeromedical evacuation tasks , another C @-@ 17 embarked an Abrams tank , one carried two Tiger helicopters and the fourth was loaded with several Bushmasters .
The fruit bodies ( mushrooms ) produced by the fungus are characterized by a chocolate to reddish @-@ brown cap covered with a sticky layer of slime , and a short whitish stipe that does not have either a partial veil or prominent dark or colored glandular dots .
1UP.com said that " playing [ Final Fantasy XIV ] is like playing with a toy stuck in a plastic bag : it can be fun for a while and you can get the general idea , but you can 't appreciate the full experience " , stating that future updates would likely rectify this issue .
 The music on Crocodiles is generally dark and moody : In 1980 , the British music magazine NME described McCulloch 's lyrics as a being " scattered with themes of sorrow , horror , and despair , themes that are reinforced by stormy animal / sexual imagery " and American music magazine Creem described Crocodiles as " a moody , mysterious , fascinating record " .
Portions of this waste , mixed with dust that composed Pad 903 , became airborne in the heavy winds of the Front Range and contaminated offsite areas to the south and east .
” The public was not informed of substantial contamination from the 1957 plutonium fire until after the highly visible 1969 fire , when civilian monitoring teams confronted government officials with measurements made outside the plant of radioactive contamination suspected to be from the 1969 fire , which consumed hundreds of pounds of plutonium ( 850 kg ) .
 Though public demonstrations against plant operations ceased with the decommissioning of the plant , protests have continued regarding the disposal of nuclear waste from the site and the scale and scope of cleanup operations .
He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway .
 Wyatt moved to the growing cow town of Wichita in early 1874 , and local arrest records show that a prostitute named Sally Earp operated a brothel with the wife of his brother James from early 1874 to the middle of 1876 .
 While in Dodge City , he became acquainted with James and Bat Masterson , Luke Short , and prostitute Celia Anne " Mattie " Blaylock .
 While in Alaska , Wyatt rubbed elbows with future novelist Rex Beach , writer Jack London , playwright Wilson Mizner , and boxing promoter Tex Rickard , with whom Earp developed a long @-@ lasting relationship .
On November 25 , 1899 the Seattle Star described him as " a man of great reputation among the toughs and criminals , inasmuch as he formerly walked the streets of a rough frontier mining town with big pistols stuck in his belt , spurs on his boots and a devil @-@ may @-@ care expression upon his official face " .
According to Lake , the pistol was equipped with a detachable metal shoulder stock .
The later prototypes had ailerons boosted by hydraulic power and artificial feel to the stick from a spring , as an interim measure but Brown found " the second prototype was much less the pleasant aircraft to fly as the stick continually hunted either side of neutral and there was no build up of stick force with increase in speed . "
 Sonando was arrested again on 11 October 2005 after reporting on Prime Minister Hun Sen 's treaty with Vietnam settling the two nations ' border dispute ; the report included a discussion with a French @-@ based expert who criticized Hun Sen 's concessions .
He hit three @-@ run home runs against Tim Dillard and John Axford , and he was walked with the bases loaded by David Johnson .
Boucherett was an infrequent voter , but he told the diarist Joseph Farington that , when he did vote , he tended to do so with Charles James Fox , rather than Pitt the Younger , although , he later became " disgusted " at Fox 's style of opposition ; he is also known to have voted against the Ferrol Expedition in 1801 .
For issues with single packages and other tasks , a public bug tracking system is used by developers and end users .
 In late 2000 , the project reorganized the archive with new package " pools " and created the Testing distribution , made up of packages considered stable , to reduce the freeze for the next release .
Levels of zinc in excess of 500 ppm in soil interfere with the ability of plants to absorb other essential metals , such as iron and manganese .
The concentration of zinc in plants varies with the level in the soil .
Zinc in excess of 500 ppm in soil interferes with the plant absorption of other essential metals , such as iron and manganese .
 David " Shirt " Nicholls was the audio mixer , using a Digidesign Venue with both the Eventide Anthology Pack , which provided sound effects , and Venue Pro Pack , which was a complete digital mixing console .
The Braysdown batch was planted with conifers , and is known as Braysdown Hill .
Both McGuinn and Hillman doubted the sincerity of Parsons ' protest , believing instead that Parsons had used the apartheid issue as a convenient excuse to leave the band and stay in England to hang out with Mick Jagger and Keith Richards .
The Tonnant , its decks crowded with 1 @,@ 600 survivors from other French vessels , surrendered as the British ships approached while Timoléon was set on fire by its remaining crew who then escaped to the shore in small boats .
 US 1 and US 9 become concurrent upon merging in Woodbridge Township and continue through developed areas , interchanging with Route 35 .
Upon entering Union County , US 1 / 9 pass through Rahway and Linden , interchanging with I @-@ 278 in Linden .
 While hanging out with her cheerleading and dance team friends , Tabitha invited Napoleon and his body building friends to come to a casual practice session and do stunt work with them .
 They teamed up with Jamie King again and served as assistant directors for Celine Dion 's Taking Chances Tour .
 During his time in America , Szigeti took to writing ; his memoirs , With Strings Attached : Reminiscences and Reflections were published in 1947 .
A representation of the majestic head of the male , with its spreading antlers , was adopted as the first badge of the Order ; and is still the most conspicuous element of its copyrighted fraternal emblem .
At about the same time , Lord Cobham , Lord Grey de Wilton , Griffin Markham and Walter Raleigh hatched what became known as the Main Plot , which involved removing James and his family and supplanting them with Arbella Stuart .
Thomas Wintour ( 1571 – 1606 ) was chosen as the emissary , but the Spanish king , although sympathetic to the plight of Catholics in England , was intent on making peace with James .
At some point during Northumberland 's command in the Low Countries , Percy became his agent in his communications with James .
Northumberland , although not a Catholic himself , planned to build a strong relationship with James in order to better the prospects of English Catholics , and to reduce the family disgrace caused by his separation from his wife Martha Wright , a favourite of Elizabeth .
Thomas Percy 's meetings with James seemed to go well .
Traditionally , in the weeks running up to the 5th , children made " guys " — effigies supposedly of Fawkes — usually made from old clothes stuffed with newspaper , and fitted with a grotesque mask , to be burnt on the 5 November bonfire .
To distinguish the look of the series from regular sitcoms , all episodes were shot on film stock and were overseen by directors with little television experience , creating a visual style more akin to advertisements ; Jon Jones was nominated for a British Academy Television Craft Award for his work on the third series .
 Adam Williams is a serial womaniser who lives a carefree lifestyle until he settles down with Rachel — though he is still tempted by the next @-@ door neighbour and women in fast cars .
The Mirror 's Charlie Catchpole described the diagetic popular music in the school reunion scenes of Series 2 , Episode 4 — " Don 't You Want Me " ( The Human League ) , " Relax " ( Frankie Goes to Hollywood ) , " Temptation " ( Heaven 17 ) , " True " ( Spandau Ballet ) , " Do You Really Want to Hurt Me " ( Culture Club ) and " Tainted Love " ( Soft Cell ) — as " [ catching ] the changing mood with devastating precision " .
 The storm also dropped heavy precipitation along the coasts of Georgia , South Carolina , and North Carolina , with sporadic showers in parts of Virginia .
Planting became more specialized with hybridization of corn and wheat , and the use of farm machinery such as tractors and combines became the norm .
 Stereotypical traits of Minnesotans include " Minnesota nice " , Lutheranism , a strong sense of community and shared culture , and a distinctive brand of North Central American English sprinkled with Scandinavian expressions .
After the Beatles ' first appearance on the Ed Sullivan Show , and then with the subsequent string of other successful British acts , the garage band phenomenon gathered increased momentum .
In the 1970s , Pyramid Lake was stocked with Lahontan cutthroat trout strains still surviving in some nearby lakes , but they were not the large Pyramid Lake strain .
Water polluted with plant nutrients such as nitrates or phosphates may stimulate growth of algae by a process called eutrophication and the decay of these organisms and other biomaterials may reduce the O
 Manager Terry Yorath was replaced by John Toshack , who stuck with Southall but resigned after just 48 days after falling out with the Football Association of Wales .
Searchers found tents and clothes along with rock and ice strewn across a debris field on the Carbon Glacier at 9 @,@ 500 ft ( 2 @,@ 900 m ) , possible evidence for a slide or avalanche in the vicinity where the team went missing , though the exact cause of the accident is unknown .
The name that stuck with him for life , however , was Cowboy .
Loading her cannons with double shot , the opening American salvo severely damaged the French frigate 's quarterdeck .
It was of a sleeper beam construction , the walls were wattle and daub , some were plastered and some were painted with simple linear decoration .
Through the entrance hall was a colonnaded atrium or courtyard with a plastered floor , the central area probably being open to the sky and perhaps containing a herbaceous garden .
The song blends dance @-@ rock guitars and symphonic strings and closes with an orchestral overtone .
Nürnberg and Stuttgart were designed to displace 3 @,@ 469 t ( 3 @,@ 414 long tons ; 3 @,@ 824 short tons ) , with full load displacements of 3 @,@ 902 t ( 3 @,@ 840 long tons ; 4 @,@ 301 short tons ) and 4 @,@ 002 t ( 3 @,@ 939 long tons ; 4 @,@ 411 short tons ) , respectively .
Several times throughout the series , she jams with Finn and Jake , and various others depending on the circumstances .
The renovations also revealed Fatimid @-@ era mosaics and inscriptions on the interior arches that had been covered with plasterwork .
The plants are dioicous , with separate plants producing the male and female organs .
Historians do not agree on the precise circumstances of Bizimungu 's departure ; American author Stephen Kinzer contends that " one of the president 's friends called Kagame with the startling news that the president was preparing to resign " while Prunier states that Bizimungu was forced to resign , having denounced the National Assembly and attempted to sow discord within the RPF .
36 Squadron 's C @-@ 130Hs were equipped with Electronic Warfare Self Protection packs , including radar and missile warning systems , and counter measures such as chaff and flares .
While checking the reactor , Sephiroth learns from Genesis that he was an experiment , implanted with cells of Jenova before he was born .
Though he played with a broken stick held together by wire , he made the team five minutes into his tryout .
The team was greeted by a huge crowd at the Canadian Pacific Railway station when their train , decorated with hockey sticks and the Union Jack , returned to Winnipeg .
He can seem irresistibly funny in repose or invest minor slapstick opportunities with a streak of genius " .
Pitt 's niece , Lady Hester Stanhope , joined him at Walmer between 1803 and 1806 ; together with Pitt , she carried out extensive work on the castle gardens , transforming them from a simple kitchen garden into a set of landscaped ornamental enclosures ; Stanhope enlisted the Dover militia to help with the landscaping and planting .
 The castle is approached through the castle meadow , an area of open parkland , lined with Holm oaks planted in the 1860s , and is surrounded by the dry moat , now a garden dating from at least the 1850s and planted with trees and shrubs .
The two glasshouses have been restored , functioning as cold greenhouses , while the remainder of the kitchen garden is planted with a mixture of vegetables , fruit trees and flowers .
 The 262 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 80 m ) Broadwalk is the main axis of the gardens and separates the glasshouses from the 328 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 100 m ) Oval Lawn , planted with lime trees and yews .
On the other side are the paddock , planted with Holm oaks , and a curved belt of woodland of beech , ash and chestnut trees , badly damaged in the storms of 1987 and 1990 .
They opined that Sarah has had a " string of bad relationships with men " , that Zoe and Sarah 's kiss was an " interesting turn " and call it a scandal , that " heats and spices up " Hollyoaks .
The innermost portion of the scattered disc overlaps with a torus @-@ shaped region of orbiting objects traditionally called the Kuiper belt , but its outer limits reach much further away from the Sun and further above and below the ecliptic than the Kuiper belt proper .
Instead , these planets , and Saturn , may have formed closer to Jupiter , but were flung outwards during the early evolution of the Solar System , perhaps through exchanges of angular momentum with scattered objects .
 Two notable sources of rubidium are the rich deposits of pollucite at Bernic Lake , Manitoba , Canada , and the rubicline ( ( Rb , K ) AlSi3O8 ) found as impurities in pollucite on the Italian island of Elba , with a rubidium content of 17 @.
Although a partial substitution of potassium by rubidium is possible , when more than 50 % of the potassium in the muscle tissue of rats was replaced with rubidium , the rats died .
By 1799 , he was studying law ( reading the law ) as a legal apprentice with George Nicholas and James Brown .
In his book Abraham Lincoln in the Post @-@ Heroic Era , Barry Schwartz writes that the scene with Lisa at the crowded monument shows how " thoroughly Lincoln 's moral and emotional significance has waned . "
The commission ’ s work continued on 30 March as well ; following an affirmative vote by the Senate , these wrapped up with the adoption , on 12 / 24 April 1867 , of the “ Law for fixing the arms of Romania ” .
Golden fringes surrounded the canvas , with tassels from the same fabric hanging at the corners .
20 describing exceptions to the rule ) , the conditions and manner for draping caskets with the flag ( art .
MDNA World Tour became Madonna 's first live release not to enter the top @-@ twenty of the UK Albums Chart , after the top @-@ twenty placements at number 18 ( 14 @,@ 449 sales ) with I 'm Going to Tell You a Secret ( 2006 ) , number seven ( 22 @,@ 227 sales ) with The Confessions Tour ( 2007 ) and number 17 ( 12 @,@ 405 sales ) with Sticky & Sweet Tour ( 2010 ) .
Endgame was the first album to feature guitarist Chris Broderick , following Glen Drover 's departure in 2008 , and was the band 's last studio album with bassist James LoMenzo ; original bassist David Ellefson rejoined the band several months after the album 's release .
The delivery is free inside Greece and the meat is packed in special polystyrene packaging with dry ice to preserve freshness .
He further wrote that Cudi largely smears his verses with a " flat warble " that is salvaged by auto @-@ tune , which he remarked would be " numbing enough on its own " had it not been for the frequent " terrifyingly underwritten lyric to jolt you into sharp pangs of embarrassment . "
According to Alex Roginski of Sydney Morning Herald , the song is " fleshed out with the string grandeur " of Welsh producers Hybrid , and channels European electropop music .
Alerted by spies to the planned assault , Lieutenant Colonel Richard Hewlett strongly fortified the local Presbyterian church , surrounding it with a stockade and earthworks .
@ 99 , and " with no shrink wrap " , suggesting their pre @-@ owned copies are slightly or never used , including intact Club Nintendo redeeming codes .
Local residents accepted the closures , but Wright also attempted to change the route of footpaths not on his land , ploughing the entrance to one and sowing it with oats .
 Initially thought to be ectomycorrhizal ( symbiotic with plants , like most Boletaceae ) , C. piperatus has not been confirmed as such in multiple synthesis studies or in isotope fractionation studies .
Along with James Phinney , Metzen again provided the game 's extensive story and script , as well as organizing the voice casting for the game .
Every match between the two clubs during this period would be sold out , with crowd attendance sometimes as high as 20 @,@ 000 .
 In April 2013 the club began with a project Base1960 ( Baza1960 ) , a joint project of Maribor and their fans with the goal of spreading fan awareness and loyalty towards the club and to establish violet bases ( Vijo 'lčne baze ) throughout the country , where Maribor fans would be able to hang out .
He had a penchant for drumming on various objects around the house with a pair of chopsticks , so for his 13th birthday his parents bought him a pair of drum sticks , a practice drum and some lessons , with the promise that if he stuck with it for a year they would buy him a kit .
Tuesday nights were filled with jam sessions at the Niagara Theatre Centre .
 Peart has also designed his own signature series drumstick with Pro @-@ Mark .
After meeting with King James he wrote to Spain emphasising the need to prioritise peace with England over the freedom of her Catholics .
They 're really just crammed with jokes and story beats and everything . "
In 2004 Fred Records , Frith 's own record label and an imprint of Recommended Records , issued a remastered version on CD of the original Cheap at Half the Price LP with no extra tracks .
After the Second World War , the town developed several agricultural industries , especially meat processing and packaging with a plant employing over 300 .
Before World War II , there was a large butter factory , Dansk Andels Smørpakkeri , employing some 150 workers while after the war the town developed agricultural industries , especially for meat processing and packaging with a plant employing over 300 .
@ 1 mi ) , with Nordby as its principal settlement , connected to Esbjerg by ferry .
 Amanita gemmata is a mycorrhizal fungus , meaning it forms a mutually beneficial relationship with the roots of compatible host plants .
Through the association , the plant provides the fungus with a carbon source , and the fungus provides the plant with several benefits such as nutrients and protection from pathogens .
Carey worked with Lewis and Jam on the ballad " Thank God I Found You " .
 Oxford 's first game back in the Football League was away to Burton , which finished in a 0 – 0 draw ; their first League win was on 4 September against Morecambe at the Kassam Stadium , with James Constable scoring a hat @-@ trick in a 4 – 0 victory .
A battery of 24 pounder guns were placed at the main gate facing into the street and were loaded with canister shot by their military and civilian crews .
Madoc witnesses among the buildings and monuments piles of skulls and corpses along with other horrific scenes .
The new service became operated with T1000 rolling stock .
The Mexican Constitution of 1824 prohibited immigrants from settling with 26 miles ( 42 km ) of the coast , and many foreigners had established homes close to the coast .
 On July 22 , 1847 , an advanced party of the first Mormon pioneers entered the valley and immediately began to irrigate land and explore the area with a view to establishing new settlements .
A bus loaded with 38 students from South Jordan , Riverton , and Bluffdale crossed in front of an oncoming train that was obscured by fog and snow .
 In the city , the population was spread out with 37 @.
Riverfront Park includes two fishing ponds stocked with rainbow trout and catfish by the Division of Wildlife Resources and 22 acres ( 8 @.
The lake has been stocked with trout , bigmouth bass , channel catfish , bluegill , and fathead minnows .
Furious in his turn at this revelation , and ignoring Josephine 's plea to spare Ralph , Sir Joseph has the sailor " loaded with chains " and taken to the ship 's dungeon .
Buttercup made her entrance to the three @-@ masted Pinafore rowing into sight , and Dick Deadeye was later thrown overboard with a real splash .
With heavy promotion from Columbia , the album sold over 1 million copies in America ; in Britain , retail outlets soon slashed its price in an attempt to dispense with their surplus of stock .
After this , Johnny Devine interfered in the encounter on Team 3D 's behalf by attempting to hit Styles with a kendo stick , only to be kicked in the head by Styles .
At this time , Frank Trigg interfered by hitting Styles over the head with the kendo stick , allowing Angle to force Styles through the set @-@ up table with his signature Olympic Slam maneuver for the pinfall victory .
Depending on the type of habitat in which the colony is located , they decorate the nest with plant material and gravel .
The challenge was accepted and widely disseminated throughout the city , so that when Captain Jean @-@ Baptiste @-@ François Bompart of Embuscade sailed out to meet Courtenay on the morning of 31 July , the shore was crowded with thousands of sightseers .
In France , hot chocolate is often served at breakfast time ; sometimes sliced bread spread with butter , jam , honey , or Nutella is dunked into the hot chocolate .
The mall is especially busy on Saturday nights , as eateries that have closed for Shabbat reopen and the streets are crowded with young Israelis from Jerusalem and Tel Aviv .
Earlier , in August , a Sbarro restaurant at the corner of Jaffa Road and King George Street , packed with lunchtime customers , was bombed ; 15 people died and 90 were wounded .
When sampling in hip hop peaked during the early and mid @-@ 1990s , they searched for archived records with atmospheric beats and strings to sample .
The Greek and Turkish Cypriot communities tended to be geographically segregated , with Greeks settling mainly in Camden and Turks in Stoke Newington .
Impossible Princess is Minogue 's first album to incorporate live instrumentation ; she had commented " I was joking with James Dean Brafield ' Oh my god , every instrument is a real instrument , I don 't think I 've ever had this before ! '
The analysis over the period has revealed that the lake water was alkaline , chloride and conductivity concentrations were high at all the four sites , and there were lower levels of dissolved oxygen ( at sites with greater pollution load ) and high hardness ( on account of excess of calcium and magnesium from surface run @-@ off ) .
Q * bert 's design later included a speech balloon with a string of nonsensical characters , " @ !
 The aria for tenor , " Mein Verlangen ist , den Heiland zu umfangen " ( My longing is , to embrace my Savior ) , is the first movement with the strings , expressing a deep sense of longing .
Despite the potential for fire , the facility was located in a residential neighborhood , and was equipped with neither a fire sprinkler system nor mechanical ventilation .
Their celebration was broken up and the activists were arrested for assault after a guard was accidentally sprayed with champagne .
 Later in his career , Freeman developed an interest in the applications of EXAFS spectroscopy to metalloprotein structure , collaborating with both James Penner @-@ Hahn and Keith Hodgson .
Another member of the fauna is the red kite ; these may be seen in various localities in the county , but at the Red Kite Feeding Centre near Tregaron , they are fed each day , and large numbers congregate along with hungry crows and other birds .
 Farming has traditionally been the basis of Cardiganshire 's economy , with dairying and stock @-@ rearing being the main occupations .
It consisted of a long narrow plastered block with an arched roof , having a pointed cross section .
Two short plastered pedestals with shallow cup @-@ shaped hollows at their tops stand at the head and foot of the tomb .
Starting as many smaller individual fires , the flames quickly spread out of control with increasing winds and drought and combined into one large conflagration , which burned for several months .
 The recovery from the fires began almost immediately , with plants such as fireweed appearing in a matter of days after a fire had passed .
To facilitate the positive identification of the substance , FTIR instruments are loaded with databases that can be searched for known spectra that match the unknown 's spectra .
He represented Essex County with James Ganett until 1747 , after which he served with William Daingerfield until 1749 .
The easing of restrictive land laws by the Virginia colonial government allowed him to establish his own terms with settlers on his lands , and he initially sold parcels in the Shenandoah Valley .
In 1975 , he worked in Germany for the first time directing Edward Bond 's Lear , set in an " industrial landscape strewn with piles of slag , with Lear as a Baron Krupp in evening dress and top hat " .
The production of weaving flourished after the mid 1800s for trade with the white settlers .
The new fish product , sold in the same style of container as the Chicken Tenders , was an order of fish sticks with Tartar sauce for dipping .
The same menu added mozzarella sticks with a side of marinara sauce ; the mozzarella sticks have since been relegated to a regional menu item in the United States , but are sold on the national menu in Canada .
As the cast rolled away the grass and other rural props , seven smoking chimney stacks with accompanying steeplejacks rose from the ground , along with other industrial machinery : five beam engines , six looms , a crucible and a water wheel ( one of the few items left from the rural scene ) .
The Queen was wearing the same dress as in the film , as if she had just arrived with James Bond .
As they help to settle matters with Starfleet headquarters , they find that before Remmick was killed , he had sent a signal to a distant quadrant of the galaxy .
Wipeout 3 was the first Wipeout game to take advantage of PlayStation controllers with analogue sticks , used to offer smoother control of the player 's craft .
One of the prisoners , Thomas Scott , relentlessly quarrels with the guards , showering them with racial epithets .
 Most urban apartment buildings and villas continued to be built in the classical tradition , with plastered brick walls .
Barton admitted that his performance was " awful " and the " worst I 've ever played in my career " but also criticised the QPR fans for not sticking with the team in their battle against relegation .
There , Saint Nicholas is depicted not as the thin , somewhat forbidding , charity dispensing character of European lore but as a dimpled , " jolly old elf " whose stomach shakes like " a bowlful of jelly " when he laughs , and who enters a dwelling through the chimney with a pack of toys on his back .
The woman is sprayed with decontaminate spray , as Peter quickly rinses himself off .
On Day 85 , Siavash accepted the offer of £ 10 @,@ 000 towards the prize fund for exchanging his clothes with an outfit provided by Big Brother and the Housemates received a £ 20 cheque after requesting a mystery prize from the weekly shopping list .
I @-@ 190 continues north through the northern extents of Buffalo , meeting multiple streets before separating from the Niagara and interchanging with NY 266 and NY 324 ( exits 15 and 16 ) in quick succession .
Artani told her they were going to break up , to which Spears responded , " Don 't worry about it , you 're going to hang out with me " .
In spring training , Weber led the Yankees with a .483 batting average and was presented with the James P. Dawson Award , given annually to the best rookie in the Yankees ' camp .
Reaching up to 8 m ( 26 ft ) in height , it is a single @-@ stemmed plant that has thin leaves with prominent triangular " teeth " along each margin , which are 20 – 45 cm ( 7 @.
One side , termed the outer surface , is grey and the other is dark brown ; on this side the seed body protrudes and is covered with tiny filaments .
The seeds are separated by a dark brown seed separator that is roughly the same shape as the seeds with a depression where the seed body sits adjacent to it in the follicle .
The short @-@ billed black cockatoo breaks off old cones with follicles to eat the seed , often doing so before the seed is ripe .
She " falls in love " with Ghana and wishes to settle into her new home " as a baby nuzzles in a mother 's arms " .
The report also indicated that whilst one of the bolts was missing , the other was broken and had damaged threads commensurate with being overtightened or jammed , which twisted the head off , or came close to doing so .
Badock 's Meadow , a former prefab housing estate has been reseeded with native meadow plants including oxeye daisies , yellow rattle , wild carrot and knapweed .
Natasha becomes desperate to win her father 's favour back and she sprays the street with derogatory graffiti about herself .
Just before filming began , Kubrick hired noted journalist and satirical author Terry Southern to transform the script into its final form , a black @-@ comedy , loaded with sexual innuendo , becoming a film which showed Kubrick 's talents as " unique kind of absurdist " according to the film scholar Abrams .
 Kubrick is credited with introducing Hungarian composer György Ligeti to a broad Western audience by including his music in 2001 , The Shining and Eyes Wide Shut .
With the rubber boom at the turn of the century , more settlers came to the areas and established large haciendas , moving the economic activities together with the native peoples out of the towns .
Lita engaged herself in a feud with Trish Stratus , after Lita and Edge interrupted Stratus ' title match with Mickie James .
Oppenheimer and Garrison also breached the confidentiality of the hearing , by communicating with New York Times journalist James Reston , who wrote an article on the hearing that appeared on the second day of the hearing .
Chris Hicks of Deseret News declared , " this pilot episode is good enough to be a theatrical film ; in fact , it 's better than most features — funny , warm , character @-@ driven and loaded with hilarious vignettes . "
It has been suggested that its lyrics deal with either her father Jamie Spears or paparazzi Adnan Ghalib .
Instead , she 's strutting her stuff with neon makeup and costumes straight out of the Day @-@ Glo ' 90s . "
His father made Plante 's first pads by stuffing potato sacks and reinforcing them with wooden panels .
The same season , the Citadelles beat the Montreal Junior Canadiens in the league finals , with Plante being named most valuable player on his team .
Jews of Rhodes reported that Stamboli was " loaded with chains , many stripes were inflicted upon him and red @-@ hot wires were run through his nose , burning bones were applied to his head and a very heavy stone was laid upon his breast , insomuch as he was reduced to the point of death . "
Later Norse settlement was probably most extensive in Orkney and Shetland , with lighter settlement in the Western Islands .
Later Norse settlement was probably most extensive in Orkney and Shetland , with lighter settlement in the Western Islands , particularly the Hebrides and on the mainland in Caithness , stretching along fertile river valleys through Sutherland and into Ross .
This layout is known as ' Bent Axis ' , and after the burial the upper corridors were meant to be filled with rubble , and the entrance to the tomb hidden .
 In the town the population is spread out with 24 @.
The town also has a professional fire department , with seven firehouses spread around the town .
The three above @-@ water levels are enclosed in a semi @-@ translucent polycarbonate cladding injected with nanogel , creating a diaphanous skin and keeping the structure as light as possible .
Both species build a bulky nest of roots , sticks and plant stems lined with grass , fine twiglets or hair .
When a colleague is stuck in an elevator with his feet dangling out of the doors , Ling asks , " Does this mean I 'm going to have to take the stairs ? "
The newer EB @-@ 66E was tasked with jamming surface @-@ to @-@ air missile ( SAM ) radar guidance systems so their missiles could not accurately target the aircraft .
At 5 : 10 p.m. , Sandy 03 joined the group with a full load of white phosphorus that could be used to lay down a smoke screen .
 The cover was controversial ; some copies were issued with a cardboard sleeve featuring an alternative cover , since some retailers refused to stock the album with the original artwork .
She then performed the song as a call and response with the crowd .
Graeme Virtue of The Guardian reviewed the performances of " XO " and " Halo " positively , saying that she managed to transform " [ the ] monumental songs ... into intimate miniatures through sheer force of will " while dancing and interacting with the crowd alone onstage .
Sylvia Patterson of the NME characterised the song as a " lavish , harmonised spree of New Orleans loveliness with strings and Spanish guitar " , adding that it is " the absolute tops ! "
While Leng and Spizer credit Barham with a string arrangement on " I 'd Have You Anytime " , American musician Bobby Whitlock writes in his 2010 autobiography that the sound was a harmonium , which he himself often played during sessions for the album .
 After working in Stampede for a while The Fabulous Kangaroos started to travel across the United States , headlining shows wherever they went due to their ability to rile up crowds with their heel ( bad guy ) tactics .
It was produced by Crowded House bass player Nick Seymour with whom members of the band have collaborated extensively since .
The potbelly body position is symbolic of rulership ; the figures are seated cross @-@ legged and with the arms wrapping the body or holding an object .
It contains bass and bream and is stocked periodically during each trout season with about 5 @,@ 000 trout .
 Four to five Intro Packs are released with each set .
It comes with two booster packs from that set , a rulebook , and a fixed selection of cards , including one foil rare .
Both these have one hour headway , and are only capable of 160 kilometres per hour ( 99 mph ) on the line due to limitations with the rolling stock .
He encouraged the spread of Christianity with severe punishments for ignoring Christian customs .
In contrast with all Hungarian sources , the Polish @-@ Hungarian Chronicle and later Polish sources state that Stephen 's mother was Adelhaid , an otherwise unknown sister of Duke Mieszko I of Poland , but the reliability of this report is not accepted by modern historians .
 Kristó states that the entire conflict between Stephen and Koppány was only a feud between two members of the Árpád dynasty , with no effect on other Hungarian tribal leaders .
 [ Duke Boleslav the Brave 's ] territory included a certain burg , located near the border with the Hungarians .
Even when Henry II 's discontented brother , Bruno , sought refuge in Hungary in 1004 , Stephen preserved the peace with Germany and negotiated a settlement between his two brothers @-@ in @-@ law .
 While Bembo Book is considered the superior digitisation , the original continues to offer the advantages of two extra weights ( semi- and extra @-@ bold ) and infant styles with simplified a and g characters resembling handwriting ; its lighter appearance may also be of use on printing equipment with greater ink spread .
Following further trials with loaded wagons DB is to upgrade five Class 92 locomotives to allow them to run on High Speed 1 .
The others hang on shouting with fear .
Baily was so taken with him that he presented Bewick with a plaster model of the finished bust .
It was an act of defiance against her father , who had threatened to disown her if she ever cohabitated with a lover .
His 12 points against Ohio State included a late basket that helped the Shockers become the fifth team with a seeding higher than eight to make it to the final four since 1979 when seeding began .
The ship was designed to displace 9 @,@ 757 metric tons ( 9 @,@ 603 long tons ; 10 @,@ 755 short tons ) at a normal loading , and up to 10 @,@ 761 t ( 10 @,@ 591 long tons ; 11 @,@ 862 short tons ) with a combat load .
As the road heads toward downtown Trenton , it crosses New Jersey Transit ’ s River Line immediately before interchanging with Route 129 .
The freeway continues northwest , running through a small corner of Netcong before coming back into Mount Olive Township and interchanging with US 46 .
The great hammerhead is Critically Endangered along the western coast of Africa , where stocks have collapsed with an estimated 80 % decline in the past 25 years .
 As vice president in charge of programs ( a title he gained before March 1957 ) , he brought to the air what he recalled as " wild , sexy , lively stuff , things that had never been done before , " shows such as Maverick , a western with James Garner , and 77 Sunset Strip , a detective show with Efrem Zimbalist Jr .
I was hanging there with my pants down , wondering what I 'd tell the stockholders . "
Bart and Lisa go through life @-@ death situations such as Itchy lighting up a cannon while Scratchy loads it with various weapons .
Remember the Time " was a successful attempt by Jackson to create a dance @-@ oriented , new jack swing @-@ flavored jam with the accompaniment of co @-@ producer Riley .
As the Canucks won the Presidents ' Trophy for the first time in franchise history , the team entered the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West .
The ship , captained by Francisco Pereira Coutinho , and two companion vessels , all loaded with exotic spices , sailed across the Indian Ocean , around the Cape of Good Hope and north through the Atlantic , stopping briefly in Mozambique , Saint Helena and the Azores .
Some reports say that the mounted skin was sent to Rome , arriving in February 1516 , to be exhibited impagliato ( Italian for " stuffed with straw " ) , although such a feat would have challenged 16th @-@ century methods of taxidermy , which were still primitive .
He studied harmony and counterpoint with Zaremba and instrumentation and composition with Rubinstein .
The Oregon Symphony first performed the work in February 1959 with Bloomfield conducting ; prior to 2011 , the ensemble had not performed the symphony since October 2001 , with James Judd conducting .
With archaeologist James Bond he authored The Landscape of Towns ( 1976 ) , in which he extended his use of landscape archaeology to urban areas .
On May 15 , against the Houston Astros with the bases loaded , two outs , and the Giants leading 2 – 1 in the ninth inning , Wilson struck out Kazuo Matsui in a 15 @-@ pitch at bat to end the game .
He walked in a run to make it 4 – 2 , but retired Marco Scutaro with the bases loaded to earn the save .
 Their song " A Little Bit Cooler " was used in a " Most Valuable Puppets " commercial from Nike with LeBron James and Kobe Bryant entitled " Mrs. Lewis " .
PRC had previously produced a horror film about acomegaly called The Monster Maker ( 1944 ) , in which a mad scientist injects human subjects with the disease as part of his experiments .
Together with other species from scattered localities in the United States , Japan , and Europe , Apeomyoides is classified in the subfamily Apeomyinae of the extinct rodent family Eomyidae .
When his parents travelled the British Empire for almost nine months following the death of Queen Victoria in 1901 , young Edward and his siblings stayed in Britain with their grandparents , Queen Alexandra and King Edward VII , who showered their grandchildren with affection .
In some regions , the Paleocene recovery of plants began with recolonizations by fern species , represented as a fern spike in the geologic record ; this same pattern of fern recolonization was observed after the 1980 Mount St. Helens eruption .
The next intersection with Brown Street is jammed with houses , and nearby is a large parking lot .
Handling of larger munitions , such as bombs and shells , involved using levers and crowbars from boxcars , in which they were packed tightly with dunnage ‍ — ‌ lifting the heavy , grease @-@ coated cylinders , rolling them along the wooden pier , packing them into nets , lifting them by winch and boom , lowering the bundle into the hold , then dropping individual munitions by hand a short distance into place .
 Commander Paul B. Cronk , head of a Coast Guard explosives @-@ loading detail tasked with supervision of the working dock , warned the Navy that conditions were unsafe and ripe for disaster .
At 10 a.m. that same day , seamen from the ordnance battalion began loading the ship with munitions .
 One hundred and two men of the Sixth Division , many fresh from training at NSGL , were busy rigging the newly built Victory ship SS Quinault Victory ( also spelled Quinalt ) in preparation for loading it with explosives , a task that was to begin at midnight .
 Wright soon began implementing a plan to have two groups of white sailors load ammunition in rotation with black sailors : one division of 100 men at Mare Island and another at Port Chicago .
On August 8 , 1944 , the USS Sangay docked to be loaded with naval mines and other munitions .
In the same year , the Soulful Strings recorded the song for their album Groovin ' with the Soulful Strings , a version that also appeared on the B @-@ side of their most successful single , " Burning Spear " .
Loading the cannon with an actual cannonball is on occasion reported ; but , more commonly , the use of blank cartridge or grapeshot is attested .
 Things did not always work out according to plan at such executions ; at a mass execution at Firozpur in 1857 , there was an order that blank cartridge should be used , but some loaded with grapeshot instead .
It was later compiled with a number of other children 's poems in an illustrated book and sold .
was founded after World War II , Hydra has secretly operated within its ranks , sowing global chaos with the objective of making humanity willing to surrender its freedom in exchange for security .
Working with music engraver and seller James Johnson , he contributed about a third of the eventual songs of the collection known as The Scots Musical Museum , issued between 1787 and 1803 in six volumes .
If you strike out with the bases loaded , same thing , let it go .
In this episode , Emma Swan ( Jennifer Morrison ) and Regina Mills ( Lana Parrilla ) become suspicious of the Stranger ( Eion Bailey ) and his visit to Storybrooke , while David ( Josh Dallas ) and Mary Margaret 's ( Ginnifer Goodwin ) feelings for each other grow , which parallels with Prince James ' ( Dallas ) search for Snow ( Goodwin ) after he falls for her .
Joyner later added : " There 's some really great stuff to come with Max , Cora and Tanya and her past .
 In 1945 and 1946 , Captain Fisher served , along with James Rowe , as a legal advisor to former U.S. Attorney General Francis Biddle , the United States member of the International Military Tribunal ( Nuremberg Trial ) .
Some tunes were more pop @-@ oriented , while others , like " Gimme Gimme Shock Treatment " and " Pinhead " were loaded with distorted guitars and had a more punk rock sound .
After the Manche towns on the coast of Belize fell under Spanish control in the 16th century , they continued to have close links with the independent inland Manche settlements .
 By 2005 , the disused eastern trackbed was filled with rubble , brambles and weeds , and the station had acquired a bad reputation due to muggings and the use of illegal drugs on the station premises .
The St. Peter 's players presented him with a walking stick , a pipe and a tobacco pouch .
 In 1687 James prepared to pack Parliament with his supporters so that it would repeal the Test Act and the penal laws .
@ 6 metric tons ) of rice along with packages of other various supplies to affected regions .
He settled with Gisela in El Palomar , Buenos Aires .
The mountains in the area are described as " craggy " and " soaring " , " unmistakable ; like a massive coral reef ripped from the sea , strung with conifers and laced with snow " .
They co @-@ presented an edition of The Last Splash with Alison Curtis on Today FM on 20 December .
It is protected as a nature reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) with a large bird population and plants including wild peonies .
The PA system was criticized for being inadequate for those farther back to hear , with the crowd chanting " louder " several times .
He played an important role in his team 's Olympic triumph in Atlanta in 1996 , as Nigeria overcame tough resistance from Brazil and Argentina , packed with the likes of Dida , Roberto Carlos , Bebeto , Ronaldo , Rivaldo , Hernan Crespo , Claudio López , Ariel Ortega and Diego Simeone among others .
 During this period , he read avidly , exchanging letters with Bates about Robert Chambers ' anonymously published evolutionary treatise Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation , Charles Darwin 's The Voyage of the Beagle , and Charles Lyell 's Principles of Geology .
 It then occurred to me that these causes or their equivalents are continually acting in the case of animals also ; and as animals usually breed much more quickly than does mankind , the destruction every year from these causes must be enormous in order to keep down the numbers of each species , since evidently they do not increase regularly from year to year , as otherwise the world would long ago have been crowded with those that breed most quickly .
She 's got to be somewhat tolerable or why would they hang out with her ?
It is able to digest plant material with a high fibre content with its specialised stomach and may only eat from a few plant species at a time .
It may even intermittently travel longer distances to access plants with higher levels of nutrition .
 Like all colobi , the mantled guereza is able to digest leaves and other plant fibers with a large , multi @-@ chambered stomach that contains bacteria in certain areas .
 As a result , Homer gets to go on tour with the festival and hangs out with The Smashing Pumpkins , Cypress Hill and Sonic Youth .
 During Homer 's confrontation with the Hullabalooza crowd , there is a brief shot of Homer with the members of the musical group No Doubt behind him .
It was thought that Love would appear in the episode because she had recently done a movie with James L. Brooks , but she never responded to the request .
 A group of editors writing for People also praised the record 's " fresh and original " melodies and " quick @-@ tempoed cool " , adding , " Kudos to Green Day , young punk 's reigning purists , for sticking with what they know best . "
Club wrote , " If Green Day still has a loyal following , its fans are bound to find something to like on Nimrod ; for all the attempts at diversity , the record is packed with mile @-@ wide hooks and sing @-@ along anthems . "
After the riot settled down , Cool threw his bass drum into the crowd while Armstrong attempted the same with a 200 @-@ pound monitor , which was wrestled away from him by a store manager .
 Comstock threatened Ortiz with legal action , and the manager – unaware that Comstock could not arrest him , and fearful that he could cause trouble for the gallery – was initially frightened .
There it hung with works by artists such as Claude Monet and Paul Cézanne .
Derval was a French NATO pilot deployed to fly aboard an Avro Vulcan loaded with two atomic bombs for a training mission .
With men and plants unemployed , it is ridiculous to say that we cannot afford these new developments .
It is precisely with these plants and these men that we shall afford them . "
On the last day of camp , however , he goes into the woods to hang out with Luke Castellan , who then turns on him .
County Route 527 splits from Albany Street by heading south on Route 171 while Route 27 and County Route 514 continue east , interchanging with Route 18 ( Memorial Parkway ) a quarter of a mile later .
Williams had previous experience with writers Glen Morgan and James Wong , although it was series creator Chris Carter who suggested him for the part .
 Williams ' background in fight choreography , stemming from his role in Missing in Action 2 : The Beginning ( 1985 ) , allowed him to prepare for , and to help create , the character 's actions scenes , including choreographing the character 's brawl with Mitch Pileggi 's character Walter Skinner in the episode " End Game " .
The company 's stock , down as much as 20 percent following the disappearance of Flight 370 , had fallen 80 percent over the previous five years , which contrasts with a rise in the Malaysian stock market of about 80 percent over the same period .
In addition , Harrison resequenced the content of Apple Jam so that the album closed with " Out of the Blue " , as he had originally intended .
The first task was to build a stable access road , but the moor was covered in a layer of peat with a low load @-@ bearing capacity .
@ 3 MeV generator for experiments with the scattering of protons .
With an aqueous suspension of CdS particles loaded with ruthenium dioxide , the energy of visible light can split Hydrogen sulfide .
 In 1991 , following the break @-@ up of guitarist Tom Morello 's former band Lock Up , former Lock Up drummer Jon Knox encouraged Commerford and Zack de la Rocha to jam with Tom Morello as he was looking to start a new group .
The blueprint for the group 's major @-@ label debut album , demo tape Rage Against the Machine , was laid on a twelve @-@ song self @-@ released cassette , the cover image of which was the stock market with a triple match taped to the inlay card .
The station previously held two Viper trains at once , with a loading platform in the front and an unloading platform in the rear .
 Elk handling facilities are areas of pens with loading and unloading ramps where water and food are provided to the elk .
Later , Donna brushed the north coast of Cuba with strong winds and heavy rainfall , causing damage along much of the coast .
The stipe is covered with fine white scattered fibrils , or is delicately pruinose ( as if covered with a fine white powder ) , but it later becomes smooth .
New Keynesians adopted rational expectations and built models with microfoundations of sticky prices that suggested recessions could still be explained by demand factors because rigidities stop prices from falling to a market @-@ clearing level , leaving a surplus of goods and labor .
The synthesis attributed problems with market clearing to sticky prices that failed to adjust to changes in supply and demand .
He had previously voiced characters in " The Way We Was " , " Brush with Greatness " , and " Homer Defined " .
For her first patrol , UB @-@ 3 was loaded with ammunition for Turkish forces at İzmir , Turkey .
Older buildings are mainly brick built , most commonly the yellow London stock brick or a warm orange @-@ red variety , often decorated with carvings and white plaster mouldings .
The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission has stocked it with adult trout .
The Black Creek Sportsmens Club and the Beaver Township Rod and Gun Club also stock the stream with trout .
By the time European explorers visited Iowa , American Indians were largely settled farmers with complex economic , social , and political systems .
The subsequent Woodland period saw an increase on the reliance on agriculture and social complexity , with increased use of mounds , ceramics , and specialized subsistence .
The Red Ocher Culture appeared in northeast Iowa , associated with copper artifacts and mound building .
Cahokia appears to have dominated trade in the upper Mississippi , with satellite or closely aligned settlements as far as Aztalan in Wisconsin .
Stuck with her brother Max ( Alex Winzenread ) on Halloween night , she reads the book to him , despite the book 's warnings not to read it out aloud or think about its monster .
Sometime between April to July 1456 , with the support of a few Hungarian troops and Wallachian boyars , Prince Vladislav II was dethroned and slain , as Vlad Țepeș took possession of the Wallachian throne ; and as such , Chilia became a shared Wallachian @-@ Hungarian possession .
The Wallachians rushed to the scene with 7 @,@ 000 men , and together with the Hungarian garrison battled the Moldavians and the Turks for eight days .
 Ripley and his wife formed a joint stock company in 1841 along with 10 other initial investors .
 In its formative stages , Albertine brushed Diego Garcia with gusts of 63 km / h ( 39 mph ) .
It again weakened soon thereafter , with the convection spreading ahead of the circulation over Madagascar .
A major problem of the reconstruction was that the ship 's increased draft meant that their waterline armor belt was almost completely submerged with any significant load .
After working as the manager of a mill in Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne , Thomas established his own business in 1815 in partnership with James Booth and Edward Hulton at Currier Slacks Mill in the town .
 String theory describes how strings propagate through space and interact with each other .
Chris Hull and Paul Townsend showed that type IIB string theory with a large coupling constant is equivalent via S @-@ duality to the same theory with small coupling constant .
 One of the important developments following Witten 's announcement was Witten 's work in 1996 with string theorist Petr Hořava .
One popular way of deriving realistic physics from string theory is to start with the heterotic theory in ten dimensions and assume that the six extra dimensions of spacetime are shaped like a six @-@ dimensional Calabi – Yau manifold .
 In December 2012 Real and Smooth secured exclusive broadcast rights to the " Christmas Hit Factory Live " concert , a show featuring artists and groups who achieved success with the Stock Aitken and Waterman and PWL record labels .
Billboard 's Chuck Taylor gave the song a positive review , writing " this sensual jam is 100 % Mariah , packed with satisfying harmonic layers and hooky background ' oh 's , ' supersonic verses and a chorus as catchy as a winter sniffle , " Bill Lamb from About.com rated the song four out of five stars , stating that the single " is simple , sexy elegance from one of the most enduring of pop stars . "
@ 6 m3 ) , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast — like fresh produce from Southern California farms — to the East Coast .
I could feel that there was something broken at the front of the car as there was an air coming in from the front , but the car was driveable and I was staying with the back of the pack so I continued .
Although Cadeddu criticised the amplifier as " ugly , cheap and with a poor level of finishing " , he said that " the components used were fair but , clearly , the man behind its design knew what he was doing pretty well " .
200 @,@ 000 , and threatened with death by hanging if they ever returned .
Married parents have that option to split the workload , even though it usually does not happen , but single parents do not have the option of sharing the workload with anyone .
Women also typically have less economic resources than men , and have no partner to share the workload with them .
It was accompanied by the inscription " Et le monstre , entraînant sa créature , féconde de sa semence des flancs généreux pour engendrer Séraphitus @-@ Séraphita " ( And the monster , embracing its creation , filled her generous womb with seed and fathered Séraphitus @-@ Séraphita ) .
German aircraft arrived later to jam British radar with chaff .
The company plans to build an energy from waste plant at Salt End to deal with 240 @,@ 000 tonnes of rubbish and put waste to a productive use by providing power for the equivalent of 20 @,@ 000 houses .
 A topographic map shows that the majority of the interconnected complex of tightly packed lakes with their valley @-@ and @-@ ridge landscape is primarily in Minnesota ; the border of the landscape is the Minnesota @-@ Canadian border .
Minnesota 's Department of Natural Resources lists the Nodding saxifrage ( Saxifraga cernua ) as endangered , one source refers it to being " very rare " and that Cook County has Minnesota 's single colony with about a dozen plants – the entire population occupies less than a 1 m2 ( 1 sq yd ) – so it is vulnerable to singular events which would alter its habitat .
Although NASCAR CEO Brian France initially said he was going to fight the case in the courts , in April 2004 it was announced that the case had been settled out of court with Texas getting the Cup date previously belonging to North Carolina Speedway and , as part of the deal , agreeing to purchase North Carolina — which now had no dates at all — from ISC for $ 100 million .
 In 1953 , fourteen standard stock motor cars were withdrawn from passenger service , and were converted to ballast motor cars , with the final one completed in early 1955 .
The cars on either side of it draw the dust @-@ laden air into filter chambers , and are fitted with conveyors for discharging the dust at depots .
After being rejected by the band 's label , the album was re @-@ recorded with Shankar providing strings .
The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars , each approximately 153 meters ( 502 ft 0 in ) long , 15 meters ( 49 ft 3 in ) wide and 5 meters ( 16 ft 5 in ) high .
 After touring for Celebrity Skin finished , Auf der Maur left the band to tour with The Smashing Pumpkins ; Hole 's touring drummer Samantha Maloney left soon after .
 In 2006 , Love released a memoir , titled Dirty Blonde , and started recording what was going to be her second solo album , How Dirty Girls Get Clean , collaborating again with Perry and Smashing Pumpkins vocalist / guitarist Billy Corgan in the writing and recording .
I was always the only person with the nerve to sing , and so I got stuck with it " .
@ 8 g / cm3 ) , suggesting that the pair , and possibly many other Trojan objects , more closely resemble comets or Kuiper belt objects in composition — water ice with a layer of dust — than they do the main @-@ belt asteroids .
Like the other two , kulintang music is primarily orchestral with several rhythmic parts orderly stacked one upon another .
The wide @-@ angle photograph was taken with the darkest filter ( a methane absorption band ) and the shortest possible exposure ( 5 milliseconds ) , to avoid saturating the camera 's vidicon tube with scattered sunlight .
The exact location remains vague , with signs in Russian still hinting at a Eastern European setting , although gas pumps with the prices displayed in Swedish have added to the confusion .
 The ground was packed and alive with supporters wearing the colours of Birmingham City .
The scenes with Mulder in Atlantic City were shot against a blue screen in Vancouver , with stock casino footage added in in post @-@ production .
 Because of its numbers , ubiquity and association with human settlements , the house sparrow is culturally prominent .
 The house sparrow can be confused with a number of other seed @-@ eating birds , especially its relatives in the genus Passer .
Declines in insect populations result from an increase of monoculture crops , the heavy use of pesticides , the replacement of native plants in cities with introduced plants and parking areas , and possibly the introduction of unleaded petrol , which produces toxic compounds such as methyl nitrite .
In an interview for The Village Voice , Miguel said that the strategy allowed listeners to absorb the songs at his desired pace and called it " a great way for me to reconnect with my peers ... the people that I hang out with — that go to the same shows , listen to the same music , read the same blogs , same magazines . "
Truman and Cooper arrive to speak with Packard , who had employed Palmer as an English tutor .
Packard admits to sensing that Palmer was troubled but cannot help further ; Cooper picks up on the fact that Truman has been having a relationship with Packard .
The work shows that Bach had mastered the composition of a dramatic scene , an expressive aria with obbligato oboe , a recitative with strings , an exuberant dance , and a chorale in the style of his predecessor in the position as Thomaskantor , Johann Kuhnau .
 The second aria , " Mein alles in allem , mein ewiges Gut " ( " My all in all , my eternal good " ) , again with strings , is a dance @-@ like movement in free da capo form , A B A ' .
Carey wrote and produced the song in collaboration with James Poyser .
Despite debuting atop Download chart with 81 @,@ 624 copies sold , it peaked at number two on the Digital chart .
 On the second floor is the hall , with a kitchen occupying the jamb , and later passages connecting to the east and west ranges .
When the operation began , the brigade suffered from a combination of poor navigation by the pilots of their C @-@ 47 Dakota transport aircraft , heavy cloud cover and incorrectly marked drop zones , which led to all of its units being scattered over a wide area ; Hill himself was dropped with several sticks from the 1st Canadian and 9th Parachute Battalions near the River Dives .
Just before she boarded the VC @-@ 25A Presidential Aircraft , Nancy Reagan waved to the crowd with her military escort at her side .
The spore mass of the puffball is applied to bleeding hoof trimming ' nicks ' , and then wrapped with breathable first @-@ aid tape .
After joining Le Soir on 15 October 1940 , Hergé became editor of its new children 's supplement Le Soir Jeunesse , with assistance by old friend Paul Jamin and cartoonist Jacques Van Melkebeke , before paper shortages forced Tintin to be serialised daily in the main pages of Le Soir .
Olivier 's 1937 performance at The Old Vic was popular with audiences but not with critics , with James Agate writing in a famous review in The Sunday Times , " Mr. Olivier does not speak poetry badly .
In March 1880 , Stanford himself attempted a reconciliation by appearing in Hanford and meeting with the Settler 's League in an attempt to find some sort of compromise .
Mazariegos entered into protracted three @-@ month negotiations with the Spanish settlers in Coatzacoalcos ( Espíritu Santo ) and San Cristóbal de los Llanos .
Shortly after this , Editors played a 75 @-@ minute set for the BBC Electric Proms at KOKO in London with backing from a classical string quartet .
Each trailer @-@ mounted erector – launcher weighs 35 tonnes ( 77 @,@ 000 lb ) when loaded with six launch tubes with ready @-@ to @-@ fire missiles .
Instead of using a glass blower , American Window Glass plants extracted molten glass with a machine .
That plant in combination with Hartford City 's two other window glass factories , not even considering the flint glass plants or bottle plants , would make the city 's window glass capacity the highest in the world .
In 1913 , the company continued to close many of its smaller plants , while the large plants were equipped with the glass blowing machines .
By the late 1920s , American Window Glass was forced to begin re @-@ equipping its plants with new machinery .
Golpes en el Corazón " , was later included in the setlist of their live album MTV Unplugged : Los Tigres del Norte and Friends as a duet with Mexican singer Paulina Rubio .
That would prove to be the largest individual viewership for any Comedy Central show that season , outperforming even a highly anticipated and publicized episode of The Daily Show involving Jon Stewart 's ongoing feud with CNBC and pundit Jim Cramer .
Komara describes it as a modified open @-@ A tuning with the fifth string retuned from A to B , giving a new tuning of E – B – E – A – C ♯ – E or a standard open E tuning of E – B – E – G ♯ – B – E.
Thus , many re @-@ workings of " Dust My Broom " with small variations were recorded by James for different record labels during his career .
It explains that Corcoran 's body has been implanted with its embryos , which will allow the alien species to multiply and take over the human race , which the creature claims is the only way to truly save humanity .
Among the props he built was the rocket @-@ ship , the frame of which was made of plywood that had been cut into circles , then covered with a plastic sheet and spray @-@ painted to look metallic .
 The present city boundaries were set in 1974 ( with slight modification in 1994 ) , when the former county borough of Sheffield merged with Stocksbridge Urban District and two parishes from the Wortley Rural District .
In collaboration with the Stockholm Environment Institute , Sheffield developed a carbon footprint ( based on 2004 / 05 consumption figures ) of 5 @,@ 798 @,@ 361 tonnes per year .
Once in power , a party could stack the government with its own members , making it difficult for the minority to regain power .
The degree of overloading was consistent with ground crew reading the kilogram markings on the cargo as pounds .
Walbrook finds it " one of the neatest of Gilbert 's ditties , packed with cynicism and slyness , expressed in terms of sentimental tenderness . "
Of her exposure to soccer at a young age , Lloyd 's mother , Pamela said , " At that age , it was coed , and Carli was hanging with the boys .
 In early October the two companies reached Fort Laramie , Wyoming , where they expected to be restocked with provisions , but no provisions were there for them .
 On 3 October 2007 , Cadbury announced plans to close the Somerdale plant by 2010 with the loss of some 500 jobs .
 Albany Highway links Western Australia 's capital city Perth with its oldest settlement , Albany , on the state 's south coast .
 Virgil ( David Holliday ) arrives in Thunderbird 2 and scatters the alligators with aircraft 's vertical landing jets .
A bare African @-@ American is seen dancing and painting herself with a large brush while being almost naked .
She is also seen with her legs spread around a TV screen and Beyoncé is seen on it , singing the song .
The deleted scene from " $ pringfield " in which Homer plays blackjack with James Bond parodies the 1967 film Casino Royale .
The aim was to see whether the real participant would change his answer and respond the same way as the confederates or stick with the clearly obvious answer .
He believed that only by settling our differences with other group members can we actually understand the shortcomings of our own beliefs ( Levine , 1999 ) .
 Following his time with the Blue Stockings , Weldy played for the Cleveland team in the Western League .
One complaint concerned the shifting levels of difficulty in the game 's story mode , described by Clements as forcing the player " to fight cheap tactics with cheap tactics . "
Pittsburgh 's Willie Parker , who returned after suffering a broken leg in the 2007 season , was expected to share the load with Mendenhall .
I had a library that filled one whole wall of my writing office with Titanic stuff , because I wanted it to be right , especially if we were going to dive to the ship , " he said . "
 The 3D version of Titanic premiered at the Royal Albert Hall in London on March 27 , 2012 , with James Cameron and Kate Winslet in attendance , and entered general release on April 4 , 2012 , six days shy of the centenary of RMS Titanic embarking on her maiden voyage .
The rate of fire of Delaware ( with an acceptable spread of 475 yd ( 434 m ) ) was 108 seconds , and Wyoming ' and Florida 's average spreads were 956 and 1 @,@ 131 yd ( 874 and 1 @,@ 034 m ) , respectively .
In Chontal , for example , when the classifier -tek is used with names of plants it is understood that the objects being enumerated are whole trees .
All 154 passengers and crew on board died and the aircraft was destroyed , with the wreckage scattered in pieces around the crash site .
 The physical releases of the album came with graphics and packaging designed by Stefan Sagmeister with Richard The , Joe Shouldice , and Jared Stone ; illustration by Stephan Walter ; and production by Gamil Design .
This high position allowed them to be worked during heavy weather as they were less affected by waves and spray compared with the casemate mounts of earlier British capital ships .
A shell from this salvo appears to have hit the spotting top , as the boat deck was showered with body parts and debris .
She was serious and she wants Andrea to pull her weight ; certain people are stuck with certain tasks and to a certain extent people are retreating back into traditional gender roles because of how this survival @-@ crazy world seems to work .
By combining the disturbance errors with memory spraying , this exploit is capable of altering page table entries ( PTEs ) used by the virtual memory system for mapping virtual addresses to physical addresses , which results in the exploit gaining unrestricted memory access .
In conjunction with the new rolling stock , the remainder of the $ 1 @.
This kicked off a lengthy legal battle , ending with a settlement between Laing and GEDCA .
These offer built @-@ in alternatives to the Skype download and sync with Windows 10 Mobile .
In @-@ place upgrades are supported from most editions of Windows 7 with Service Pack 1 and Windows 8 @.
Its nest consists of long coarse grass , twigs , paper , and feathers , and is smeared with mud and often cushioned with grass or other soft materials .
This is lined with smeared mud and cushioned with fine grass or other soft materials .
Its song is commonly described as a cheerily carol , made up of discrete units , often repeated , and spliced together into a string with brief pauses in between .
Rosa Silverman of The Daily Telegraph commented that Beyoncé was " mesmerizing the crowds with her showstopping outfits ... she took to the stage in a series of racy costumes that made no attempt to hide her famous curves . "
During the end of " 1 + 1 " , she was transformed from the main stage to the B @-@ stage , located closer to the crowd with a wire through a cloud of glitter . "
Shirley Halperin of The Hollywood Reporter felt that the singer " tore through her ... set with the ferocity of a grown woman who has something to prove " and felt that she tried " her damnedest to win the crowd over with an equal dose of sex appeal and good old @-@ fashioned hyping " further showcasing " unequaled showmanship and those killer vocals " which placed her at the top of R & B music .
I think dealing with a lot of his dad stuff , the passing of his father and dealing with the unrequited love all of a sudden from Rachel , I think the more trouble he goes through , the more interesting it is for me as an actor . "
 Nixon speechwriter William Safire had been told of the sign by a friend of Nixon , Richard Moore , who left the train at campaign stops to mingle with the crowd and seek items of local color for the speechwriters to use .
This went awry , leaving the Athenians , and Spartans and Tegeans isolated on separate hills , with the other contingents scattered further away , near Plataea itself .
Barron and his crew shot digital photos of the city skyline at night and composited them with a stock photo taken from the top of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Bonham 's Case was met with mixed reactions at the time , with King James I and the Lord Chancellor , Lord Ellesmere , both deeply unhappy with it ; it has been suggested as one of the reasons for Coke 's dismissal from the Common Pleas in 1613 .
 The fungus predominantly grows in habitats with broad @-@ leaved trees and shrubs , forming symbiotic ectomycorrhizal associations in which the underground roots of these plants are enveloped with sheaths of fungal tissue ( hyphae ) .
Alternatively , the mushrooms can be dried by cleaning with a brush ( washing is not recommended ) , and then placed in a wicker basket or bamboo steamer on top of a boiler or hot water tank .
After four and a half hours of uncharacteristic restraint , he compiled 104 with an emphasis on off side play .
Kirkus Reviews finds " old fashioned wisdom " in the book , and calls it " a slim volume packed with nourishing nuggets of wisdom " .
He packed the leg side with fielders and ordered Alec Bedser to bowl at leg stump .
In captivity , Campbell 's dwarf hamsters can get the required nutrition from commercially available food designed specifically for hamsters , which typically contain a mix of dry grains , nuts , and seeds that may be fortified with vitamins and minerals .
 On October 22 , Austin named Bowie a colonel and gave him joint command of the 1st Battalion with Captain James W. Fannin .
Word of mouth marketing was used to advertise the film , and buses and billboards were plastered with the simple question , " Who is Keyser Söze ? "
He was raised in a conservative , Catholic family with his identical twin brother James and older brother Bob in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Darren steals Frankie Osborne 's ( Helen Pearson ) jewellery to settle a debt with a loan shark , and blames Newt ( Nico Mirallegro ) , who is sent back to care .
Green later said that Rigby 's on @-@ screen partnership with Jamie in Hollyoaks Later worked well and was " better than Hannah and Darren " .
Fellow cast member Jessica Forrest who plays Leanne Holiday opined that the character 's style was the best style of any character from the show but " back in the day ... with the string vests and highlighted hair " .
 = = Interaction with Haiti and Jamaica = =
Unlike its Haitian landfall , Gustav 's interaction with Jamaica did not disturb its structure .
The red @-@ brick and rubble grotto was constructed in either the 18th or 19th century , and is built around a brick barrel vaulted tunnel , decorated internally with plasterwork and shells .
Dario Franchitti and Alex Tagliani led the field to the line , with the circuit still being dusty from the previous night 's repair work .
A detailed musical analysis and the complete Latin text , side by side with the English of the King James version of the Bible , are available in the thesis by Andrew Kuster .
The film stars Brandon Routh as Clark Kent / Superman , Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane , Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor , with James Marsden , Frank Langella , and Parker Posey .
It also has a large number of livestock farms with the Central Livestock Farm , established in 1809 being one of the Asia 's largest cattle farms .
They also document that the seeds of his relationship with Gautama Buddha as the first arahant were sown in previous existences in which they had crossed paths .
Arnold also faced financial ruin , falling £ 16 @,@ 000 in debt , with creditors spreading rumors of his insolvency to the point where he took legal action against them .
He also had disagreements with John Brown and James Easton , two lower @-@ level officers with political connections that resulted in ongoing suggestions of improprieties on his part .
The lake is regularly stocked with catfish , bass , bluegill , and trout during the winter months .
The Great Dining Room in the east wing extension of the house was added in 1877 to designs by John Macvicar Anderson , its walls hung with faded , red damask silk .
It is situate in the midst of a garden , exquisitely planned and kept and all this in a park walled in with hewn stone , planted with rows and walks of trees , canals and fishponds and stored with game . "
This section of the house was largely remodelled under Henry Holland , but it retains its Georgian elegance today , " gilded to within an inch of its life " , with walls painted in a duck egg blue colour with forest green drapery and peach @-@ patterned sofas .
The room was inspired by the ballroom of Buckingham Palace , with walls hung with faded , red damask silk .
As a boy , Reagan 's father nicknamed his son " Dutch , " due to his " fat little Dutchman " -like appearance , and his " Dutchboy " haircut ; the nickname stuck with him throughout his youth .
The three original Texaco pumps were replaced with 1960s era Marathon pumps , which are on display in the service bay .
The building features a double wall with sawdust stuffed in between the walls to provide insulation .
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line , and on 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold at auction .
Scrub was often cleared first with fire ; some got out of control and swamp fires could burn for weeks .
The city centre is packed with cafés , especially along the river and the Latin quarter .
He seems to be the only person who can stop it , though he has no skills and cannot remember any of his training ( due to being distracted and occupied with a Rubik 's Cube at the time ) .
[ ... ] Those who thought Madonna hung up her handcuffs along with the notorious Sex book should look again closely .
 Latos honors his grandfather by writing his initials on the pitching mound and with a tattoo of his grandfather 's initials .
The Red Bluff Diversion Dam has since been replaced with a fish screen and pumping plant , thus allowing unimpaired passage through Red Bluff .
Fischer , who had played no competitive games since his World Championship match with Spassky , laid out a proposal for the match in September 1973 , in consultation with FIDE official Fred Cramer .
 After the 1992 match with Spassky , Fischer , now a fugitive , slid back into relative obscurity , taking up residence in Budapest , Hungary , and allegedly having a relationship with young Hungarian chess master Zita Rajcsányi .
 With the spread of Christianity Coracesium , as it was called , became a bishopric .
There was rumour that on the evening that the Japanese took Mukden , Marshal Zhang was dancing with Hu Die in Beijing , a serious charge which threatened to damage her reputation .
Meanwhile , Doggett and Harrison , having fallen into old bootlegger tunnels below the mansion grounds , encounter the creature and are sprayed with venom , temporarily blinding them .
After clashing over the Scouting program with the first Chief Scout Executive James E. West , he left the B.S.A.
 Boyce clashed with James E. West , the BSA 's Chief Scout Executive , over a program for boys who lived too far from town to join a troop .
The house has a total of six known fireplaces with another two likely concealed under plaster .
Upon arriving at Giemma 's residence , Francis was beaten by his captor 's children with sticks and was called abeed .
On February 10 , 2007 , Emery was suspended three games from the NHL for striking Montreal Canadiens forward Maxim Lapierre with his stick on his face after Lapierre crashed into Emery 's net .
They did not repeat as champions of the Atlantic Division , but earned the fourth seed in the Eastern Conference with 99 points .
The team concluded its preparation for the season with practices in Stockholm .
Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune concluded her performance with James Franco helped save the film and gave it " a shot in the arm . "
Shawn Levy , director of Date Night , stated that part of what made him decide to cast Kunis with James Franco in the film was the chemistry he felt they had in the Funny or Die video .
In the same event , Colón faced Rivera for the first time , dominating throughout the match but losing after being sprayed in the face with " green mist " .
 At the age of 14 , Lynch 's family visited Hungry Horse , Montana , staying with his aunt and uncle near Hungry Horse Dam .
Gomez followed the defeat to Lear with a string of three wins , all by knockout .
The next shot features a battleship — the video then cuts to a small boy playing with a toy ship in the bath before joints of meat on hooks are seen moving from right to left through a tiled room spattered with blood .
 The grounds were extensively planted with trees and shrubs , including over the motte .
These plantations along with the natural vegetation subsequently created a forest stocked with a rich variety of flora and fauna ( biodiversity ) .
 Nahar ( Mesua ferrea ) dominates the middle canopy with its spreading crown , casting fairly heavy shade over a wide area .
In regards to his character , as how Sarsgaard made him " likeable , sympathetic even " was because he wanted the audience " to understand why they would hang out with me .
Agoncillo , her eldest daughter and a friend manually sewed the flag in accordance with General Aguinaldo 's design which later became the official flag of the Philippines .
The three worked manually and with the aid of a sewing machine .
 Perovskia atriplicifolia is a deciduous perennial subshrub with an erect to spreading habit .
 Following its introduction to the United Kingdom in 1904 , the Irish gardener and author William Robinson was immediately taken with the plant , which he described as being " worth a place in the choicest garden for its graceful habit and long season of beauty . "
Because of the region 's shoreline location , agricultural activities started with the plantation of high @-@ salinity crops .
As a result , Lam Tin becomes crowded with people tending graves during the various festivals .
After its closure in 1981 , it was sealed with soil and planted over with Grasslands and trees .
On 28 February 1944 a descending eastbound freight train loaded with oil and petrol lost its braking power and became a runaway train , finally ploughing into a westbound passenger train at Breifoss , just east of Geilo .
During the match , Henry hit Undertaker with a series of splashes and superplexes , but Undertaker was able to continue fighting in the match .
He had previously produced another of the author 's adaptations with James and the Giant Peach ( 1996 ) , and , like Roald and Liccy , disliked the 1971 film because it strayed from the book 's storyline .
 Newport News shares land borders with James City County on the northwest , York County on the north and northeast , and Hampton on the east .
 At the extreme northwestern edge adjacent to Skiffe 's Creek and the border with James City County is the Lee Hall community , which retains historical features including the former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway station which served tens of thousands of soldiers based at what became nearby Fort Eustis during World War I and World War II .
 With the choice of statues settled , a competition was run in Adelaide in 1903 to find the design for the pedestal .
All windows retain their original double @-@ hung sash with 6 @-@ over @-@ 6 windows , except for the rear windows on the second floor .
The fireplace has a simple projecting mantel and the walls are plain with plastered walls and cornice moldings .
Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel , the Italian naval chief of staff , believed that Austro @-@ Hungarian submarines could operate too effectively in the narrow waters of the Adriatic , which could also be easily seeded with minefields .
The primary hazard when working with technetium is inhalation of dust ; such radioactive contamination in the lungs can pose a significant cancer risk .
Some frogs have no tongue and just stuff food into their mouths with their hands .
A few species also eat plant matter ; the tree frog Xenohyla truncata is partly herbivorous , its diet including a large proportion of fruit , Leptodactylus mystaceus has been found to eat plants , and folivory occurs in Euphlyctis hexadactylus , with plants constituting 79 @.
 Frogs are used for dissections in high school and university anatomy classes , often first being injected with coloured substances to enhance contrasts among the biological systems .
It is believed that Anglo @-@ Saxon Shrewsbury was most probably a settlement fortified through the use of earthworks comprising a ditch and rampart , which were then shored up with a wooden stockade .
Characters from 1985 adventure – comedy film The Goonies are seen talking with the Griffins in the sewer .
Brandon Robshaw of The Independent refers to the Blyton universe as " crammed with colour and character " , " self @-@ contained and internally consistent " , noting that Blyton exemplifies a strong mistrust of adults and figures of authority in her works , creating a world in which children govern .
He also continued his productivity with the bases loaded that month , collecting four hits and 11 RBI in five at bats .
He served a five @-@ game suspension handed down by MLB for " making contact with umpire Rob Drake multiple times and spraying him with spit twice while arguing . "
 Hitting his first triple in more than four years and 2 @,@ 000 at bats , with the bases loaded , Molina provided the decisive run in a 3 – 2 outcome against the Chicago White Sox on July 22 .
In November 1944 , The Christian Science Monitor reported that blockships dispatched from Boston , like West Grama , had been loaded with " tons of sand and cement " and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port .
The torus in turn loads the magnetic field with plasma , in the process stretching it into a pancake @-@ like structure called a magnetodisk .
 When flux tubes loaded with the cold Ionian plasma reach the outer magnetosphere , they go through a reconnection process , which separates the magnetic field from the plasma .
 For his audition , Williams played four jam sessions with the band , and on 27 May 1977 , he was asked to join AC / DC .
Cliff Williams ' trademark instrument is the StingRay and other basses by Music Man , strung with D 'Addario ( .045 , .065 , .085 , .105 ) flatwounds in the studio and roundwound XLs in concert .
with " thin west towers , thin buttresses , fat pinnacles , and interiors with three galleries and plaster vaults " .
Another two percent had reached the shrub stage , between three and thirty years old , with small trees dominated by such plants as thimbleberry , salmonberry , and blackberry .
 In 2004 , authorities found a 53 @-@ year @-@ old man and his 12 @-@ year @-@ old daughter living in the park in a tarp @-@ covered structure stocked with encyclopedias for homeschooling .
 During dispersal , females tend to settle in home ranges that overlap with their mothers .
The result of the weaving process is a set of classes with the same names as the original classes but with additional code injected into the classes ' functions automatically .
At the western end of Piccadilly is Hyde Park Corner , and the street has a major road junction with St James 's Street and other significant junctions at Albemarle Street , Bond Street and Dover Street .
After interchanging with Boulevard East , the road features an eastbound toll plaza and enters the Lincoln Tunnel .
Ballast enables a sailplane to attain its best L / D at higher speeds but slows its climb rate in thermals , in part because a sailplane with a heavier wing loading cannot circle within a thermal as tightly as one with a lower , unballasted wing loading .
For example , hang gliders typically use fabric wings , shaped over a framework , but hang gliders with rigid wings and three @-@ axis controls are also available .
The same founder is also credited with bringing indigenous plants such as the toromiro .
Christian settled down with Isabella ; a son , Thursday October Christian , was born , as were other children .
 He was struck with a stick , the fist , a lance , hit with a fruit , a clod , a potsherd .
When he once sat without moving his body many cut his flesh , tore his hair under pain , or covered him with dust .
Oysters are usually transported with algae as a packing material , particularly Sargassum muticum in which C. mutica are associated with .
Of the awkwardness of a grown man spending so much time with a teenaged Rogen , Apatow said : " I 'm such a comedy fan that , even though he 's 16 , I know I 'm hanging out with one of the guys who 's going to be one of the great comics . "
This idea only became universally accepted in 1919 , with Robert Millikan 's detailed experiments on the photoelectric effect , and with the measurement of Compton scattering .
Sparrow cuts a deal with Commodore James Norrington ( Jack Davenport ) to lead Norrington to the Black Pearl .
 Adding to Sparrow 's woes , Lord Cutler Beckett ( Tom Hollander ) of the East India Trading Company has a personal score to settle with Sparrow .
The first Soviet military machine of this class , it was equipped with a rear fuselage loading ramp .
The circle was landscaped with exotic plants and hundreds of trees .
The Wind is a nude male figure draped with a ship sail .
She demonstrated an independent streak and a willingness to use factional Scottish politics in her conflicts with James over the custody of Prince Henry and his treatment of her friend Beatrix Ruthven .
On 20 August 1589 , Anne was married by proxy to James at Kronborg Castle , the ceremony ending with James ' representative , George Keith , 5th Earl Marischal , sitting next to Anne on the bridal bed .
 = = Relationship with James = =
 When the Earl of Mar returned with James ' instructions that Anne join him in the Kingdom of England , she informed James by letter that she refused to do so unless allowed custody of Henry .
Whatever her private difficulties with James , she proved a diplomatic asset to him in England , conducting herself with discretion and graciousness in public .
Along with James , she tended to be dismissed by a historical tradition , beginning with the anti @-@ Stuart historians of the mid @-@ 17th century , which saw in the self @-@ indulgence and vanity of the Jacobean court the origins of the English civil war .
 Anne shared with James the fault of extravagance , though it took her several years to exhaust her considerable dowry .
Historian Alan Stewart suggests that many of the phenomena now seen as peculiarly Jacobean can be identified more closely with Anne 's patronage than with James , who " fell asleep during some of England 's most celebrated plays " .
Over the next day conditions surrounding the system rapidly became favourable for further development , with convection starting to wrap into a well defined low level circulation centre .
 Apart from the tabards , the heralds also wear scarlet court uniforms with gold embroidery during formal events ; with white breeches and stockings for coronations and black for all other times together with black patent court shoes with gold buckles ( the Scottish heralds wear black wool serge military style trousers with wide gold oak leaf lace on the side seams and black patent ankle boots ; or for women , a long black skirt ) .
Time Out 's review of the restaurant rated it at four out of five stars , being impressed with the quality of the food and describing the wine selection as " crammed with class " .
 The game restarted with two new goaltenders and the Senators on the power play , but within three seconds , the fighting started again — Ottawa 's Chris Neil poked Radovan Somik with his stick , and the pair started scrapping .
Feeling remorseful about the trouble he caused , Walter injects himself with a tracking implant and gives Peter the transponder .
 While his plane was being reloaded with the .50 cal , a flight of dive bombers began strafing Wheeler .
 In the town the population was spread out with 18 % under the age of 20 , 4 @.
In the EU , especially in countries where sovereign debts have increased sharply due to bank bailouts , a crisis of confidence has emerged with the widening of bond yield spreads and risk insurance on credit default swaps between these countries and other EU members , most importantly Germany .
@ 8 mph ) with a light load .
The Bolokhoveni princes fought in alliance with the Hungarians .
 The Azerbaijani carpet is a traditional handmade textile of various sizes , with dense texture and a pile or pile @-@ less surface , whose patterns are characteristic of Azerbaijan 's many carpet @-@ making regions .
With a crowd estimated at 50 @,@ 000 gathering outside the hotel , newspaper boys dressed in black tie handed out commemorative editions of the Houston Post as guests arrived that evening .
Progress was slow , with the last allotment disputes not settled until 1822 , but by the time of completion , Gateshead Fell was entirely enclosed and effectively consigned to history .
 In 2004 , a musical adaptation of Only You Can Save Mankind was premiered at the Edinburgh Festival , with music by Leighton James House and book and lyrics by Shaun McKenna .
When Ibanez provided Meshuggah with special eight @-@ string guitars with two extra @-@ low strings that worked properly after the initial release , the band re @-@ recorded the guitar parts for Nothing and re @-@ released it in 2006 .
Those are my homies for life ... Those girls we stuck with each other – period . "
They settle down with snacks and wine as they watch a fictional show styled after Sex and the City .
With her bags packed and the handcuff key in hand , she leaves — laughing happily leaving her partner shocked and angry .
He also made contact with Jamie McMurray , who slid through the infield frontstretch grass , causing the first caution flag and the appearance of the pace car .
A golden chain with a jewelled pendant hangs from her neck .
The view is built with extremely fine brushwork and shows a number of highly detailed buildings and hills before snowcapped mountains .
After exchanging threats without getting anywhere , Griffin and Stewart decide to settle their dispute with a talent show , with the winner winning Lady Redbush 's hand in marriage , and ownership of the town of Quahog .
The cap margin is initially rolled downward before straightening out , often with hanging remnants of partial veil ( appendiculate ) .
 The documentary 's budget of US $ 500 @,@ 000 was obtained through individual investors and Kickstarter , with Kickstarter crowd funders contributing US $ 76 @,@ 546 .
Other Hindu communities residing were , the Kunbis and Agris ( Curumbins ) ( who cultivated the fields and sowed them with rice and all sorts of pulse ) , the Malis ( who tended the orchards ) , and the Piaes ( men @-@ at @-@ arms ) ( who were Bhandaris ) .
 " Boosey & Hawkes Settle with Disney " .
Smith stated that the team tried to create a record " for the Britney Spears that we know and love " and that it did not " touch on anything that was really dealing with all the stuff that she was dealing with . "
 Blender gave the song four and a half stars , named it the second potential hit from the album , and called it “ a bubblegum @-@ electro dance floor jam with a hook most pop stars would kill for ” .
[ ... ] So a lot of things are in play and a lot of things are happening [ ... ] , since we 've never done a two @-@ parter before , we wanted to load the gun with as many bullets as possible . "
Boucher originally pitched Star Cops to the BBC in 1981 as a radio series but , with James Follet 's epic Earthsearch serial in production that year , it was felt that science fiction was adequately served in the schedules and so Boucher tried to sell it to television instead .
Gaga is the first artist in digital history to top the six and seven million mark in paid downloads with two songs , the first being " Just Dance " . "
Scott Eidler of The Cornell Daily Sun commented that the episode was a " nice start to the [ fifth ] season " of 30 Rock as it was " perhaps more plot @-@ driven than packed with the emotional and uproariously funny episodes that concluded last season . "
Ridgway also published a number of papers dealing with the woody plants of his region .
He took a hat @-@ trick in his second game , and scored a century in his fifth , to establish his popularity with the Surrey crowds .
He puts on some music , begins an exercise routine , has a shower , makes himself some breakfast , and injects himself with a vaccine .
Medical College are the leading medical institutes affiliated with Sir Jamshedjee Jeejeebhoy Group of Hospitals and KEM Hospital respectively .
If approved , the track will be clubbed with a theme park and will spread over an area of some 160 to 200 ha ( 400 to 500 acres ) .
According to Rodman , his mom was more interested in his two sisters , who were both considered more talented than he was in basketball , and made him a laughing stock whenever he tagged along with them .
One night in February 1993 , Rodman was found asleep in his car with a loaded rifle .
In 1928 , Barcelona co @-@ founded La Liga , the top @-@ tier in Spanish football , along with a string of other clubs .
It depicts a Native American woman planting seeds in a field populated with corn , beans and squash .
Large advertisements , for ( among other things ) Bovril and fascism were placed on the walls ; streets were sprayed with grit and buildings with grime .
It features a tiger with its front paws resting on the back of a rocking chair , which is draped with a piece of red cloth and with a phallus painted on it in red .
Another of Tang 's works in the Singapore Art Museum is an untitled sculpture often called Axe ( 1991 ) , which is an axe with a plant growing out of its wooden handle .
 Aage Niels Bohr ( Danish : [ ˈɔːʊ ̯ ə ˌnels ˈboɐ ̯ ˀ ] ; 19 June 1922 – 9 September 2009 ) was a Danish nuclear physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 with Ben Mottelson and James Rainwater " for the discovery of the connection between collective motion and particle motion in atomic nuclei and the development of the theory of the structure of the atomic nucleus based on this connection " .
The third part to the behind the scenes look ends with Beyoncé taking to the stage addressing the crowd with " Hello Roseland ! "
Murphy became acquainted in Texas with Interstate Theatre executive James " Skipper " Cherry , who was best man at Murphy 's 1951 marriage to Pamela Archer and the namesake of the couple 's second son .
Rogerson then attended Utah State University , where he had hoped to work under the supervision of botanist Bassett Maguire , but settled instead for the only available studentship with plant pathologist B.L.
Fungi associated with sorghum seed in Kansas " .
 Following rumours that an assault on Nova Scotia was being planned , with stores stockpiled at Machias , a small British fleet carrying 1 @,@ 000 men attempted to take Machias in August 1777 ; the locals successfully fought off the landing .
The route had the riders go through rough roads that were heavy with dust and occasional passed over streams , thus flooding the roads .
He scored 19 and took 1 / 43 and 1 / 50 as India enforced the follow on but the hosts hung on for a draw with three wickets in hand .
Cricketer Irfan Pathan settled in matrimony with Jeddah @-@ based model Safa Baig on February 4 .
Progress was made ; Neddermeyer and a member of his team , Hugh Bradner , along with James L. Tuck from the British Mission , conceived the idea of explosive lenses , in which shaped charges are used to focus the force of an explosion .
According to a southern newspaper that opposed his actions , Morton was " a vice @-@ reeking Hoosier bundle of moral and physical rottenness , leprous ulcers and caustic bandages , who loads down with plagues and pollutions the wings of every breeze that sweeps across his loathsome putrefying carcass . "
Kerala 's coastal regions are the most densely settled with population of 2022 persons per km2 , 2 @.
Rock critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine claimed that Pump " revels in [ pop concessions ] without ever losing sight of Aerosmith 's dirty hard rock core " , going on to say that , " such ambition and successful musical eclectism make Pump rank with Toys in the Attic and Rocks . "
The terraced gardens were maintained during the 19th century , with various trees planted behind the castle in the 1860s and 1870s , and a stable block was built within the grounds .
Nevertheless , his supporters began to plan for an alliance with Douglas to deny James Buchanan the nomination .
... At the time , the young men being drafted were forced to haul boats and barges loaded with baggage trains upstream to sustain a steady supply of food and fodder to the front .
 Despite the war with the Western Xia , the Song also settled land disputes with them by referring to prior agreements , as with the Liao .
In mid @-@ 1882 James Mason , a consistently strong player , challenged Steinitz to a match , and accused Steinitz of cowardice when Steinitz insisted the issue with Zukertort should be settled first .
Departing New York in a dense fog on the morning of 9 January 1920 for Antwerp , Lacastrian rammed into the port side of West Avenal , which was inbound with a load of onions from Valencia , Spain .
The final original track , " Voyage " , was described by CD Journal as a midtempo ballad influenced by gospel music , layered with several string arrangements and other instrumentation . "
By 1320 requests were regularly sent there , and heard by the judges of the common law courts , with the rules used to settle cases being those of " law or reason " , sometimes simply " reason " , a far more liberal and adjustable approach than the common law .
Two originals appear on the set , which were written by Aly & AJ with Armato and James .
Aly & AJ , along with executive producers Armato and James , adapted and arranged most of the cover songs on the album .
It was nonmetrical with a lot of rubato .
They probably already had " Twist and Shout " , or their parents did , and to put all of those together with the more contemporary stuff , like the ( English ) Beat — I just didn 't think anybody would like it .
If you could take one day and do absolutely anything , piling into a convertible with your best girl and your best friend and taking in a baseball game , an art museum , and a fine meal seems about as good as it gets " , wrote Hemingway .
Instead of creating a new subtitle , the team settled with using " The Movie " .
He cultivated friendly relations with moderate Labour party politicians and trade union officials .
Dawson wrote that he hastened the King 's death by injecting him with a lethal combination of morphine and cocaine .
I was disillusioned by Fermi himself , who told me that he simply used the common English word pile as synonymous with heap .
The film keeps artificially pumping your adrenal glands with mindless , malnutritional sensations , only to leave you crampy and cranky minutes later .
He not only injected the tunes with his own vocal character but also made guitar , not piano , the lead instrument in all three cases . "
 On December 4 , Presley dropped into Sun Records where Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis were recording and jammed with them .
Who else could make ' It 's coming closer , the flames are now licking my body ' sound like an assignation with James Brown 's backup band ? "
Paul Friedlander describes the defining elements of rockabilly , which he similarly characterizes as " essentially ... an Elvis Presley construction " : " the raw , emotive , and slurred vocal style and emphasis on rhythmic feeling [ of ] the blues with the string band and strummed rhythm guitar [ of ] country " .
Presley would be preoccupied by such matters for much of his life , taking trunkloads of books with him on tour .
After the end of the war , she was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skagerrak .
There , she survived World War II ; in the aftermath of the war , she was loaded with chemical weapons and scuttled in the Skaggerak to dispose of them , on 31 May 1947 .
An incense stick clock was an incense stick with calibrations ; most were elaborate , sometimes having threads , with weights attached , at even intervals .
Sticks of incense with different scents were also used , so that the hours were marked by a change in fragrance .
That problem was solved in 976 by Zhang Sixun by replacing the water with mercury , which remains liquid down to − 39 ° C ( − 38 ° F ) .
His prototype was powered with a dry pile battery .
Upon leaving the harbor , he encountered a British freighter , SS Glen Turret , loaded with ammunition , that had already stopped to pick up a harbor pilot .
The following month , however , the paper described the previous report as a " mistake " , indicating instead that Hogan had signed a contract with baseball executive John T. Brush to play with the Hoosiers for another year .
Instead of laying down to us , Akron loaded up with catcher [ Red ] Munson and pitcher Bob Spade " , Hogan said in an interview with the Pittsburgh Press . "
The paper added , " With a team that never stood high in club hitting or fielding , Marty pulled them through and anchored them in second place , which position they attained more by dint of their cleverness in inside work than with their prowess with the stick or in the field " .
All the trains are operated with MX3000 stock .
A new section from Jar to Sørbyhaugen opened in 1942 , connecting the line from Jar to Kolsås to Nationaltheatret , and making it a rapid transit and the replacement of stock with wide suburban standard .
In 2006 the replacement of existing rolling stock with new MX3000 units commenced .
Owen Gleiberman 's Entertainment Weekly review reads , " Snyder treats each image with the same stuffy hermetic reverence .
He crams the film with bits and pieces , trapping his actors like bugs wriggling in the frame . "
She ’ s not only participating in phallocentric boasting ; she ’ s also inflating the convention with a Swedish penis pump until it ’ s just shy of bursting " .
PRSA created a definition of public relations in 1982 , which was updated with a crowd @-@ sourced version in 2011 .
A deeply political album , it expands on the socio @-@ political musings and current event topics of Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down with forthright , satirical lyrics and song @-@ form vignettes .
Its pre @-@ order from Nonesuch Records ' website was bundled with a campaign button and bumper sticker designed similarly to the album artwork .
Seeking investors to inject it with funds , Interplay changed business strategies : instead of developing and publishing single @-@ player games , it sold licenses to those games and looked towards developing massive multi @-@ player online games .
 The crowd reacted with lengthy applause , and not long afterward an informal non @-@ partisan caucus nominated Everett as its candidate for the United States House of Representatives .
 The Buckeye is the only purely American breed to sport a pea comb , and this , combined with its stocky build , makes it a supremely cold hardy chicken .
Ice performs with a live drummer and DJ , and sometimes sprays his audience with bottled water .
The performance received positive feedback from critics with Ricardo Baca , from The Denver Post , writing that " her courageous , late @-@ set take on ' You Must Love Me ' — from the filmed version of the Broadway musical Evita — was spot @-@ on and gorgeous with its string accompaniment " .
Cambridge 's crew included five Blues , with James Brooks Close and Charles Stokes Read returning for a third time .
On her voyage south the ship escorted the aircraft carrier Argus which was loaded with a dozen Hawker Hurricane fighters .
 In the same month , Waterstones confirmed plans to open a Russian language bookshop in its Piccadilly branch , intending to stock 5000 titles with the shop being entirely staffed of Russian @-@ speaking booksellers .
He was later nominated as the party 's candidacy for the presidential office , with Zeidler believing the party would be able to collaborate with other socialist parties nationwide to spread the message of socialism .
At the bottom lies the thick granular layer , densely packed with granule cells , along with interneurons , mainly Golgi cells but also including Lugaro cells and unipolar brush cells .
 Later on August 11 , the center of Etau became partially devoid of convection , with only a narrow band of shower and thunderstorm activity persisting to the southeast of the center .
Instead , they abolished the Court of Appeals and replaced it with a new court , which was stocked with more sympathetic justices by pro @-@ relief governor John Adair .
 When feeding , this flycatcher makes many short flights from perch to perch , preferring to hunt in shrubs with small leaves , particularly those from the genera Adesmia , Baccharis , and Porlieria .
 Two other harmonics mitigation techniques exploit use of passive or active filters connected to a common bus with at least one VFD branch load on the bus .
Upon a rough plane landing at the island 's airstrip , they find that the once @-@ pristine island has been polluted and plastered with graffiti .
Mario chases him and takes him down by spraying him with water from FLUDD .
Following Tolleson , I @-@ 10 reaches Phoenix 's western city limits , and as it approaches downtown , there is a four @-@ level symmetrical stack interchange with Interstate 17 known by locals as The Stack .
Following the tunnel , it reaches the Mini Stack interchange with Loop 202 and SR 51 .
 The Piestewa Freeway begins at the Mini Stack interchange with I @-@ 10 and Loop 202 , and proceeds north through Phoenix towards Piestewa Peak ( formerly known as Squaw Peak ) .
 The Red Mountain Freeway begins at the Mini Stack junction with Route 51 and Interstate 10 before heading east into Tempe .
The freeway continues all the way to the newly completed stack interchange with I @-@ 10 .
The remaining segment which ends at the newly completed stack interchange with I @-@ 10 has already been upgraded to freeway standards .
How could he fight with the itinerant armed loiterers who hang around the marketplace ?
Duties include environmental policy , family law , law enforcement , search and rescue , tourism management , information services , contact with foreign settlements , and abjudication in some areas of maritime inquiries and judicial examinations — albeit never in the same cases as acting as police .
Intoxication has also been reported following skin contact with the plant ; a case was reported where a family of five people rubbed the plant onto the skin and were poisoned , with two children dying .
 The Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin , also Hungarian conquest or Hungarian land @-@ taking ( Hungarian : honfoglalás : " conquest of the homeland " ) was a series of historical events ending with the settlement of the Hungarian people in Central Europe at the turn of the 9th and 10th centuries .
Archbishop Theotmar of Salzburg clearly states in his letter of around 900 that the Moravians often allied with the Hungarians against the Germans .
 Simultaneously with the Hungarian attack from the north , the Byzantines invaded Bulgaria from the south .
 The next event recorded in connection with the Hungarians is their raid against Italy in 899 and 900 .
A short note in the Annales Alamannici refers to a " war with the Hungarians in Moravia " in 902 , during which the " land ( patria ) succumbed " , but this text is ambiguous .
( ... ) God with His grace went before the Hungarians , He gave them a great victory and their enemies fell before them as bundles of hay before reapers .
They also settled with the OSC in 1999 for $ 1 @.
The weather for the seventh was even worse , and the game was played in thick pea soup fog and drizzle , with a very wet pitching mound .
Her government also felt that eliminating MPRs was a safe trade away because they did not feel European countries could compete with Newfoundland and Labrador fish plants , due to higher operating costs in those countries .
Others feed on macroscopic ' plants ' such as kelp , rasping the plant surface with its radula .
According to the book , a chieftain named Seal @-@ Thorir founded a settlement at the place where Skalm stopped and lay down with her pack .
Basketball and freestyle wrestling are widely practiced , the latter in a form in which the wrestlers put on traditional animal hides and cover themselves with dust .
Although Pujols was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis during the second half of the season , he finished the season with a .331 average ( fifth in the league ) , 196 hits ( fifth ) , 51 doubles ( second to Lyle Overbay 's 53 ) , 46 home runs ( tied with Adam Dunn for second behind Adrián Beltré 's 48 ) and 123 RBIs ( third , behind Vinny Castilla 's 131 and Scott Rolen 's 124 ) in 154 games .
 Season 5 , the final season , opens with summer wrapping up in Dillon : Billy Riggins joins Coach Taylor as a special teams coach for the East Dillon Lions .
Meanwhile , the head of the CIA 's South American section , Gregg Beam ( David Harbour ) , strikes a non @-@ interference deal with Greene for access to putative stocks of Bolivian oil .
I had given my party orders not to fire until I gave the word , which they punctually observed : we received the Indians [ sic ] fire : when I perceived they had almost all fired , I ordered my party to fire which we did not further than 12 steps each loaded with a bullet and seven buck shot , they had nothing to cover them as they were advancing either to tomahawk or make us prisoners : they found the fire very hot from so small a number which a good deal confused them ; I then ordered my party to retreat , as I found the instant our skirmish began another party had attacked the fort , upon our reinforcing the garrison the Indians were soon repulsed with I am sure a considerable loss , from what I myself saw as well as those I can confide in they could not have had less than 10 or 12 killed or wounded , and I believe they have taken six of my horses to carry off their wounded ... On my side I had 2 men wounded one of whom I am afraid will die as he is scalped , the other is in a way of recovery and one boy killed near the fort whom they durst not advance to scalp .
The storm took a heavy toll on agriculture ( already compromised from the effects of another hurricane less than a month earlier ) , with banana plantations in particular sustaining heavy damage .
 In the 1960 Lichtenstein characterized his inspiration as follows : " Although I had played with this idea before , it started with a comic book image of a mad artist crossing out , with a large brushstroke ' X , ' the face of a friend that was haunting him .
 Lichtenstein has also described the effect of depicting a single artificial brushstroke sculpturally with hundreds of small brushstrokes : " My recent sculpture of a Brushstroke is an attempt to give strong form to something that is a momentary occurrence , to solidify something ephemeral , to make it concrete . "
Initially Simon was to play the character of Dunbar , but screenwriter Buck Henry felt the film was already crowded with characters and subsequently wrote Simon 's part out .
In 1977 , Garfunkel joined Simon for a brief performance of their old songs on Simon 's television special The Paul Simon Special , and later that year they recorded a cover of Sam Cooke 's " ( What a ) Wonderful World " along with James Taylor .
The next day , the song was released for digital downloads to Nokia Music Store along with CD single .
Chopra mingled with the crowd as she MCed and DJed , followed by a playing her single .
This species is gray above , with darker saddles and scattered black spots that fade with age ; the underside is off @-@ white .
 Chellas " had this great idea , this elliptical thing , which we really loaded up with cues so that you would know at the end that Don was too late .
Andrei Harmsworth of Metro commented " To her credit , the video is slightly less disappointing than her mimed performance of the track at the Video Music Awards last month but it is still smeared with the same smutty hallmarks " .
 We have even an agaric , with a bulbous root and downy pileus , that will spring from the smooth summit of another ( agaricus caseus ) , which has a uniform footstalk , though not of common occurrence .
 Hurricane Calvin originated from an area of disturbed weather , characterized with scattered deep convection , that developed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec on the second day of July .
In NHL 's first Winter Classic ( with a record crowd of 71 @,@ 217 fans in attendance ) , Crosby scored the shootout winner in heavy snowfall to beat the Sabres .
When asked about an incident where Flyer forward Jakub Voráček had dropped his glove and Crosby swatted it away with his stick before Voráček could pick it up , Crosby replied , saying " I don 't like any guy on their team there , so his glove was near me , went to pick it up , and I pushed it , so yeah , that 's ... [ ... ] I don 't like them .
 Crosby lived with the Lemieux family in Sewickley , Pennsylvania , from 2005 until 2010 .
Temple 29 has not been excavated ; the corbel vaulting and roof has collapsed to fill the three chambers of the superstructure with rubble .
The roof and vaulting has collapsed , filling the three summit chambers with rubble .
Archaeologists filled these hollows with plaster of Paris and were thus able to reconstruct many of the perishable items from the tomb , including four large carved panels depicting the king , a small throne decorated with hieroglyphs , a ballgame yoke and four stucco figurines of the deity K 'awiil .
Lutz 's initial idea was to develop an all @-@ electric car , but Jon Lauckner , General Motors Vice President for Global Vehicle Development , convinced him that to avoid an expensive battery , range anxiety concerns , and lack of public charging infrastructure , they could use a smaller battery pack with a small gasoline engine driving a generator acting as a backup to extend the range , but without a mechanical connection between the gasoline engine and the drive wheels , so it would be a pure electrically driven vehicle without many of the limitations General Motors learned from the EV1 experience .
This requirement translated using a lithium @-@ ion battery pack with an energy storage capacity of 16 kWh considering that the battery would be used until the state of charge ( SOC ) of the battery reached 30 % .
 The Volt concept car became the first application of the E @-@ Flex ( Voltec ) drive system with a combination of an electric motor , the same used in the Chevrolet Equinox Fuel Cell , a 16 kW · h ( 58 MJ ) lithium @-@ ion battery pack with 136 kW of peak power , and a genset consisting of a small 1 @.
The Volt team explained that for the launch General Motors decided to go with a common national package which includes an 8 @-@ year 100 @,@ 000 @-@ mile ( 160 @,@ 000 km ) battery warranty .
Owners of a 2012 Volt with the low emissions package are eligible to apply for one of 40 @,@ 000 available HOV lane stickers issued to vehicles that qualify as a California AT @-@ PZEV .
Only the 2012 Volts manufactured after February 6 , 2012 , are fitted with the low emission package and sold as standard models in California .
In the Canadian market , the Volt is offered in one standard trim level with two option packages , a Premium Trim Package and a Rear Camera and Park Assist Package .
A total of 246 Holden Volts had been sold in the country by mid April 2015 , with the stock of the first generation almost empty .
They refused and Ihn was repaired more quickly than had been estimated with additional spare boiler parts loaded aboard for the voyage .
This detonated a horn @-@ shaped charge filled with shrapnel that was sprayed in one direction along the line of the fence .
Gabriel knocks him out , and shortly after injects him with ketamine .
After he fends off Hydro @-@ Man and Doctor Octopus there , the guests escape narrowly to the river where Hobgoblin attacks with exploding pumpkins and sends guests into the streets .
 On 1 April , Kentuckian , loaded with grain and general cargo , departed as a part of Convoy HX @-@ 232 , the 232nd New York – Halifax – Liverpool convoy .
Gaps between walls were packed with rubble , forming the wall 's core .
It has a stucco front , with two pairs of Ionic pilasters ; the larger ones frame the building , and appear to support an overhanging cornice with a decorative dentil finish .
With a new meteor shower hitting Smallville , Clark finds the remaining stones and is transported to the Arctic , where the three stones create the Fortress of Solitude .
 Season ten begins with Clark stuck in the afterlife , where Jor @-@ El informs him that a great darkness is coming to Earth .
To record the final versions of these songs , the band travelled to Los Angeles to record with record producer Nick Launay at Seedy Underbelly Studios .
The walls were built from packed earth coated with stucco ; a section of the northern portion of the rear wall still stands to a height of 1 @.
This early phase was packed with rounded pebbles to provide the infill for the second phase of construction .
Following his dismissal of a batsman , Ambrose often celebrated by pumping the air with his fists .
This is due to lower predation pressures that would otherwise kill off many of the individuals with significant parasite loads .
He also partnered with Woody Dumont in a stick manufacturing company and was a director of the Kitchener Rangers hockey club .
After this , Henry relied on diplomacy , cultivating an alliance with Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II .
Dafydd , Llywelyn 's son , resisted the incursions , but died in 1246 , and Henry confirmed the Treaty of Woodstock the following year with Owain and Llywelyn ap Gruffudd , Llywelyn the Great 's grandsons , under which they ceded land to the King but retained the heart of their princedom in Gwynedd .
He parted company with Bonnet and settled in Bath Town , where he accepted a royal pardon .
Walker was sent to assist in removing the prisoners , and after doing so remained on board to help with the baling and pumping , as the privateer was in danger of sinking .
Clemmons claimed he had just moved from Seattle , Washington , to Arkansas as a teenager , and because he had no friends he gave in to peer pressure and " fell in with the wrong crowd " to be accepted by his young peers , which led him to commit his crimes .
 In line with the philosophy behind Cole 's Alco prototypes , the Gresley Pacifics were built to the maximum limits of the LNER loading gauge with a large boiler and wide firebox giving a large grate area .
In the early 2000s , it was stocked with a few hundred trout each year .
Between the end of the tunnel and Woodlands Lake , the river was still found to be impaired for recreation , drinking and aquatic life , but less strewn with litter , and as a whole the habitat was merely stressed .
Porcelain berry is a vine with white berries that wraps around native trees and strangles them .
They re @-@ commissioned Corbijn for an additional two @-@ week photo shoot in Tenerife in February 1991 , for which they dressed up and mingled with the crowds of the annual Carnival of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , presenting a more playful side of themselves .
The purpose of the Protomateria was to enable Vincent to control the Chaos gene , with which he was injected by Lucrecia to save his life .
 Throughout the following month , the Yongle Emperor and his court showered the Karmapa with presents .
Another study showed that plants near the borders with neighbouring territories are particularly preferred for marking .
Visiting a rodeo , Borat excites the crowd with jingoistic American remarks , but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of " The Star @-@ Spangled Banner " , receiving a strong negative reaction .
The film was successfully screened the following night , with Dustin Hoffman in attendance .
 As a small child , Minaj and a sibling lived with her grandmother in Saint James .
When Werber persuaded the club 's owner to give the untested Trio a chance , Guard sent out five hundred postcards to everyone that the three musicians knew in the Bay Area and Werber plastered the city with handbills announcing the engagement .
The website 's consensus reads , " [ The Wachowskis ] have overloaded Speed Racer with headache @-@ inducing special effects , and neglected to develop a coherent storyline . "
Two of these trial paintings were " Vermeers " : Lady Reading Music , after Vermeer ’ s Woman in Blue Reading a Letter at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam ; and Lady Playing Music , after Vermeer ’ s Woman with a Lute near a Window hanging in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City .
Players may also connect with Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire , as well as with Pokémon Colosseum , allowing them to obtain over 350 Pokémon .
As a result , FireRed and LeafGreen were made fully backward compatible with Ruby and Sapphire , allowing players to trade Pokémon between games .
Romney works with California trainer Jan Ebeling , who schools her and her horses in dressage and works with her importing new stock from Europe .
Audrey spies on another coworker being showered with gifts and offered a job in " hospitality " by the store 's manager , and later finds both Laura 's and Pulaski 's names in the manager 's private ledger .
Martell had been planning with Horne to burn down Packard 's sawmill in order to cheaply purchase the land it occupies .
It also may be served topped with a dusting of confectioner 's sugar or whipped cream .
It breeds mainly in the Central Highlands , with scattered records elsewhere in Tasmania .
Six days later , the British steamer Alhama was mined while loaded with pit props destined for Dunkirk .
 " Thus he ( Odin ) established by law that all dead men should be burned , and their belongings laid with them upon the pile , and the ashes be cast into the sea or buried in the earth .
Thus , said he , every one will come to Valhalla with the riches he had with him upon the pile ; and he would also enjoy whatever he himself had buried in the earth .
Charles ensured the Cortes would only have limited power , and further attempted to stack the Cortes with pliable representatives he could bribe .
 At this point , most of the members of the Cortes in Santiago intended to vote against the king 's requested duties and taxes , even with the Cortes stacked with royalists .
 The revolutionaries started negotiations with the Chinese government through James Dietrich , who held Sun Yat @-@ sen 's power of attorney , to buy a million rifles .
In the behind @-@ the @-@ scenes book Doctor Who : The Inside Story Davies explains that he " always wanted to do a show with someone who was a rubbish companion " and dubs Adam " the companion that couldn 't " .
 Of the six competitors , Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher was the eventual winner , with his teammate Rubens Barrichello finishing second .
To create the skinned human bodies , the makeup team sprayed a mannequin with layers of latex .
She tells Doggett that Ed 's body was gagged with a rag coated in coal dust from a mine , even though she has never seen his body .
The skinned human bodies in the episode were created by spraying a mannequin with a layer of latex .
He defeated Robert 6 @-@ 1 7 @-@ 5 6 @-@ 0 to set up a second @-@ round match with the 4th seed Stanislas Wawrinka , whom he defeated 3 @-@ 6 6 @-@ 3 7 @-@ 6 6 @-@ 3 .
 Ten victims were dumped in a septic tank and covered with layers of clay and stone rubble in Gospić , later discovered by International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) investigators in May 2000 , arousing complaints from the mayor of Gospić and street protests by Croatian veterans .
 Reimer 's first brush with international hockey came near the end of the 2005 – 06 season .
During the last weeks of the season , and with injuries to starters Ricky Rubio , Kevin Love and Luke Ridnour , Barea became the starting point guard , averaging 15 @.
At the task , Harry has to pass a Hungarian Horntail to retrieve a golden egg that contains a hint to the next task , which he does by summoning his Firebolt broomstick with the Accio spell , and finishes the task tied for first with Krum .
This , combined with disappointing average home crowds , resulted in a deficit of £ 1 @,@ 539 over the season .
The ground was officially opened for a match with Stockport County on 31 August 1932 ; it ended a 2 – 2 draw , and the first goalscorer at the ground was Tom Mitchell .
Average home attendances for Thistle 's maiden season back in the Scottish Premiership was around 5 @,@ 000 , however the 2014 – 15 season saw a 25 % drop with an average home crowd of only 3 @,@ 500 .
The native extras on Skull Island were portrayed by a mix of Asian , African , Maori and Polynesian actors sprayed with dark makeup to achieve a consistent pigmentation .
The film was spread onto the first two discs with commentary by Peter Jackson and Philippa Boyens , and some featurettes on discs one and two , whilst the main Special Features are on disc three .
In response , Lexington Herald @-@ Leader political cartoonist Joel Pett published a cartoon depicting Bevin hiding under his desk , his floor strewn with newspapers featuring stories about the Paris attacks , with an aide telling him , " " Sir , they 're not terrorists .... they 're your own adopted kids ! "
This means the waters will be stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season .
Some of the campsites have an electric hook @-@ up , and there is a central shower facility with water and restrooms located nearby .
 = = = = = Guitars with seven and eight strings = = = = =
In 1819 , following a devastating plague of locusts which left the colonists with insufficient seed even to plant a crop , an expedition was sent by snowshoe to purchase seed at Prairie du Chien .
 Southbound , the carts were loaded with fur , packed into the 90 @-@ pound ( 40 kg ) bundles known in the fur trade as pièces .
By May 22 , the low pressure area became poorly defined after stalling south of Cuba ; with only a few squalls and showers , advisories were discontinued on Alma .
Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune gave the film three out of four stars saying , " By the end of this modest , strange venture , Leto made me believe it was worth being forced to hang out on the sidewalk with this man , if only to get a creeping sense of what that might 've been like . "
Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B saying , " Chapter 27 is far from flawless , but Leto disappears inside this angry , mouth @-@ breathing psycho geek with a conviction that had me hanging on his every delusion . "
 After Neil Young played a few concerts with Pearl Jam and recorded the album Mirror Ball with them , some members of the media gave him the title " Godfather of Grunge " .
He wondered why such a considerable amount of jamming was involved with the album 's conception .
Their elevation limits were -5 ° to + 45 ° with a fixed loading angle of 8 ° .
Their elevation limits were -5.5 ° to + 30 ° with a fixed loading angle of 2 @.
Sutcliffe lent McCartney his Höfner President 500 / 5 model bass guitar but asked McCartney not to change the strings around , so McCartney had to play it with the strings arranged backwards , until he could buy a specially made left @-@ handed Höfner bass of his own .
Turkey 's state @-@ owned Eti Mine Works opened a new boric acid plant with the production capacity of 100 @,@ 000 tonnes per year at Emet in 2003 .
He studied law at the nation 's only real law school , Tapping Reeve Law School in Litchfield , Connecticut , where he worked with Tapping Reeve and James Gould .
That month , the monument to Calhoun in Charleston was found vandalized , with spray @-@ painted denunciations of Calhoun as a racist and a defender of slavery .
 A popular food in Gangtok is the momo , a steamed dumpling containing pork , beef and vegetables cooked in a doughy wrapping and served with watery soup .
After Emma 's reunion of the children with Michael that evening , Henry arrived with pumpkin pie to give Emma in order to thank her for explaining about his birth father .
Despite her brush with mainstream success , Sevigny continued acting in mostly independent art house films , such as American Psycho ( 2000 ) , Party Monster ( 2003 ) , and Dogville ( 2003 ) .
While they gamble with a large crowd surrounding them , Carey lounges on the table and cheers for them .
Caesium , along with rubidium , has been added as a carbonate to glass because it reduces electrical conductivity and improves stability and durability of fibre optics and night vision devices .
Fertile lowlands were sought , but also forested areas with diversified plant and animal environment to provide additional sustenance .
 Wolin was the major stronghold of the Volinian tribal territory , comprising the island and a broad stretch of the adjacent mainland , with its frontier guarded by a string of gords .
Having already decided to stick with Maeda , Na @-@ Ga and P.A.Works , Toba aimed to bring together a staff that would add a new variety to the creative process , and in doing so would prevent being influenced by the work done on Angel Beats !
According to sf historian Philip Harbottle , the best of the Scottish artists that Hamilton worked with was James Stark , who painted nine covers for Nebula between 1956 and 1958 ; sf artist and art historian David Hardy describes Stark 's work as " severe portrayals of technology against which men were mere ants " .
In 1939 , she appeared in a second David O. Selznick production , Made for Each Other , which paired her with James Stewart to play a couple facing domestic difficulties .
 Membranophones , which produce sound by a vibrating a stretched membrane ; they may be drums ( further sorted by the shape of the shell ) , which are struck by hand , with a stick , or rubbed , but kazoos and other instruments that use a stretched membrane for the primary sound ( not simply to modify sound produced in another way ) are also considered membranophones .
If the instrument has strings parallel to the sounding board or chamber and the strings extend past the board with a neck , then the instrument is a lute , whether the sound chamber is constructed of wood like a guitar or uses a membrane like a banjo .
The city is divided into seven water districts , with eight filtration plants and seven sewage treatment plants .
With the humans spreading panic across the planet 's citizens , even scaring the source of all funk , Lamont the Funkapotomus , away to another dimension , it is up to ToeJam and Earl to clean up the mess they 've made and send all the Earthlings they brought with them back to where they came from .
This coupled with mechanical dilemmas such as water pump failure and steering rack rattle ensured warranty claims were high in the first year .
 Holden 's emphasis on fuel economy extended beyond powertrains , with a fuel consumption vacuum gauge replacing the tachometer throughout the range , although this could be optioned back with the sports instrumentation package .
This dis @-@ harmony was most pronounced along the northern and southwestern frontiers of the English colonies , which then stretched from the Province of Carolina in the south to the Province of Massachusetts Bay in the north , with additional colonial settlements or trading outposts on Newfoundland and at Hudson Bay .
The population centers of these colonies were concentrated along the coast , with small settlements inland , sometimes reaching as far as the Appalachian Mountains .
French settlements on the Gulf Coast continued to grow , with the settlement of New Orleans in 1718 , and other attempts , ultimately unsuccessful , to expand into Spanish @-@ controlled Texas and Florida .
Trading networks established in the Mississippi River watershed , including the Ohio River valley , also brought the French into more contact with British trading networks and colonial settlements that crossed the Appalachian Mountains .
syndicated column as " the world 's littlest skyscraper " , a nickname that has stuck with it ever since .
syndicated column as " the world 's littlest skyscraper " , which is a name that has stuck with it ever since .
As the panegyrist to Maximian declared : " You have heaped the gods with altars and statues , temples and offerings , which you dedicated with your own name and your own image , whose sanctity is increased by the example you set , of veneration for the gods .
On 7 September 1896 , he had married an English bride , Constance Prior Standen , with whom he settled in Slemdal , in Oslo , where two sons and two daughters were born .
 Together with Brigadier James Hargest , the commander of the New Zealand 5th Infantry Brigade and captured around the same time , Miles arrived in the Italian prisoner @-@ of @-@ war camp Vincigliata PG 12 in 1942 .
Trees are sometimes planted with the taller sugar gum ( Eucalyptus cladocalyx ) to make a two @-@ layered windbreak .
He appreciated Julianne Moore 's appearance , but he found that some of the story lines , " though sprinkled with funny moments , were more successful as sweet tales made for the holiday . "
The scene depicting the aftermath of the Dr. Keats ' murder — with the scattered pieces of his shattered frozen body marked off with multiple chalk outlines — has been described as " truly inspired " .
We think the contrary is true ; and we might cite in proof of this remark not only the present play , but the conclusion of Lear , of Romeo and Juliet , of Macbeth , of Othello , even of Hamlet , and of other plays of less moment , in which the last act is crowded with decisive events brought about by natural means . "
Commenting on the " developement of the catastrophe " in Cymbeline , he takes occasion to note that the contention of Dr. Johnson that " Shakespear was generally inattentive to the winding @-@ up of his plots " , is so far from being true that in King Lear , Romeo and Juliet , Macbeth , Othello , and Hamlet , among " other plays of less moment [ ... ] the last act is crowded with decisive events brought about by natural and striking means . "
The Tory British Critic sniped that the book was " stuffed with dull , common @-@ place , Jacobin declamation " , and the Quarterly Review , with the same political bias , rebuked Hazlitt for his uncomplimentary portrayal of King Henry VIII .
McGraw had previously worked with writers Glen Morgan and James Wong , who specifically wrote the part with her in mind .
Adults and juveniles forage by hopping along the shrubland floor , and may supplement their diets with seeds and fruits of saltbush ( Rhagodia ) , goosefoot ( Chenopodium ) and new shoots of samphire .
 During another courtship display the male bows deeply forward facing the female , reaching the ground with his bill and spreading and flattening his plumage in a near @-@ horizontal plane for up to 20 seconds .
The ground was found to be scattered with clumps of long spiked thistles , and a number of pitfalls causing nine men to be injured from falls during the charge .
Just a week before the General Convention , Robinson had been with his daughter Jamee and held his four @-@ hour @-@ old first granddaughter .
 Gwyn continued his military duties with service around the James River near City Point , Virginia .
Fish settled the controversial Alabama Claims with Great Britain through his development of the concept of international arbitration .
Fish worked with James Milton Turner , America 's first African American consul , to settle the Liberian @-@ Grebo war .
Her vocals , stage presence and interaction with the crowds was lauded by the critics in attendance .
 In her review of the concert at the Plymouth Pavilions , Caroline Abbott of the Torquay Herald Express praised Lewis for her interaction with the crowd and her " down @-@ to @-@ earth " persona , as well as her performances of " Ave Maria " , " Thank You " , and " Sisters Are Doin ' It for Themselves " , a duet with the special guest Joss Stone .
 During the early 17th century , Clan MacAulay was involved in the Plantation of Ulster , as James VI began colonising regions of Ireland with English and Scottish settlers .
O 'Reilly was a non @-@ conformist who did not enjoy taking orders , and was unimpressed with the firearm drills , because the recruits were armed only with wooden sticks .
Given his heavy workload in the previous season , it was decided to keep O 'Reilly fresh for the subsequent tour of England , so he played in only two of the last three matches , with a reduced bowling load , taking eight wickets .
The single was released on 16 October 1987 , and on 31 October 1987 The JAMs announced that the case with ABBA " is now closed " .
set and a video machine loaded with a cassette of edited highlights of last weeks ' Top of the Pops ' .
These vessels were loaded with as many of the sick from the fort as they could take , stores and supplies , and armaments .
The organisers of the Singapore Grand Prix introduced a new machine to clean the surface of the track after drivers had problems with a dusty and slippery track surface in the previous year 's race .
Two days before the first practice session , drivers expressed concerns over low visibility caused by rain showers combined with the glare from the circuit lighting .
When Casey tells Jordan that there are cans of paint in the trunk , Jordan has Casey pour the paint out of the taillight hole , attracting the attention of another motorist , Alan Denado ( Michael Imperioli ) but the kidnapper knocks him out with a shovel , assuming him to be dead and stuffs Alan in the trunk with Casey .
The worker attempts to bust the door open , but the kidnapper sprays him with gasoline and throws a lighter at him .
The tents they make are like field tents , and they set them up over some poles they have made for this purpose , which come together and are tied at the top , and when they go from one place to another they carry them on some dogs they have , of which they have many , and they load them with the tents and poles and other things , for the country is so level , as I said , that they can make use of these , because they carry the poles dragging along on the ground .
The valleys of the Willamette River and its major tributaries such as the Tualatin River consisted of open grassland maintained by annual burning , with scattered groves of trees along the rivers and creeks .
Other introductions into waters previously devoid of any fish species or with severely depleted stocks of native fish have created world @-@ class sport fisheries such as the Great Lakes and Wyoming 's Firehole River .
The hatchery was stocked with the locally native rainbow trout , and likely steelhead of the coastal rainbow trout subspecies ( O. m. irideus ) .
Having no innate immunity to M. cerebralis , rainbow trout are particularly susceptible , and can release so many spores that even more resistant species in the same area , such as Salmo trutta , can become overloaded with parasites and incur mortalities of 80 to 90 percent .
Other introductions to support sport angling in waters either devoid of fish or with seriously depleted native stocks have created world @-@ class fisheries such as in the Firehole River in Yellowstone National Park , and in the Great Lakes .
It was planned to stock the lake with game fish then allow fishing after two or three years .
Campers have the choice of two classes of campgrounds — all with restrooms and showers .
He would pull them along the track on a string with one hand while he shot the scene with the other .
Moreover , exchanging the knight with Bxe5 is not appealing for White , since that would mean losing the advantage of the bishop pair .
 In the 1980s in Europe , increases in the levels of air pollution , as well as changing land use practices coincided with reports of declines in the populations of certain mushrooms .
Two of the walks proved costly as they were with the bases loaded ; the Mets took advantage in a 3 – 2 triumph .
 Hair : The American Tribal Love @-@ Rock Musical is a rock musical with a book and lyrics by James Rado and Gerome Ragni and music by Galt MacDermot .
He recalled , " There was so much excitement in the streets and the parks and the hippie areas , and we thought if we could transmit this excitement to the stage it would be wonderful .... We hung out with them and went to their Be @-@ Ins [ and ] let our hair grow . "
Castelli was a writer / producer who traveled in Paris art circles and rubbed elbows with Pablo Picasso and Jean Cocteau .
Julia Raeside , writing for The Guardian , said the writers " managed to pull together a loving tribute to [ their ] cult horror source material with an all @-@ out gag rate that most sitcoms would fail to keep up with " , claiming that " they get the look and tone just right and then inject it with the kind of comedy that is perfectly tailored to puncture the fictional world without deflating it " .
The region has a long prior history of human habitation before the Territory 's creation , with evidence of Indigenous Australian settlement dating back at least 21 @,@ 000 years .
Instead of harmonious three @-@ dimensional arrangements of objects , he chose mechanical derivatives of commercial illustration with an emphasis on the packaging .
The double @-@ hung windows are topped with segmented arches constructed from a double row of bricks ; the north and south main entrances are also topped with segmented brick arches , each of three rows of bricks .
It is similar in meaning to a biotope , an area of uniform environmental conditions associated with a particular community of plants and animals .
Its larvae feed on a wide range of Brassicas and various other plant species , and it thrives in any open location with diverse plant associations .
Animals adapted to these extreme habitats also exist ; fairy shrimps can lay " winter eggs " which are resistant to desiccation , sometimes being blown about with the dust , ending up in new depressions in the ground .
With no plant life , the animals in this zone are either detritivores , reliant on food drifting down from surface layers , or they are predators , feeding on each other .
However , the relationship quickly foundered on jealousy and suspicion , as when Strindberg struck a photographer over the head with his stick , unable to endure any attention to Bosse .
Weaver led the pack with about 30 % of the votes , with Wright , Dillaye , and Butler trailing at about 15 % each and the remaining votes scattered among the remaining candidates .
The Cook Islands Chapter of the Red Cross took early action with Cyclone Pat and began stockpiling relief supplies on February 9 .
In the spring of 1892 , a major French sweep of Hà Tĩnh failed , and in August , Cao Thang seized the initiative with a bold counterattack on the provincial capital .
 Through the 2012 season , Huff had hit 242 career home runs , tying him for 217th all @-@ time with Dusty Baker , Sal Bando , Wally Berger , Roy Campanella , and J. D. Drew .
Other scenes were shot with a large tarp draped over the actors .
The officers however did not restrain themselves to holding back the crowd , and instead attacked them with night sticks .
A civil grand jury convened to find out who ordered the attack , but it ended inconclusively with a settlement covering personal injury claims and damages .
 By November 2013 , 20th Century Fox had begun negotiations for the treatment for another solo film starring Wolverine with director James Mangold while Donner is attached to produce .
Alonso Duralde of The Wrap felt that " Singer keeps things moving along briskly enough that you can just go along with the ride of Superhero Stuff without getting bogged down " .
Conversely , Paul Trynka of Classic Rock magazine singles out " Ding Dong , Ding Dong " as the one song that " embarrasses " on an album that is otherwise " packed with beautiful , small @-@ scale moments " .
Michael Dwyer from Western Australia magazine commented on Minogue 's departure from dance music and bubblegum pop and her maturity since her work with Stock , Aitken and Waterman , stating " Some Kind Of Bliss and Did It Again have already proved our Kylie has more tricks up her sleeve this time than Stock , Aitken and Waterman ever dreamed of and her sixth album harbours more strings to her carefully @-@ cultivated bow . "
Together with the battlecruiser Hood and six destroyers , Argus escorted Convoy US @-@ 3 , loaded with Australian and New Zealand troops , to the United Kingdom in mid @-@ June .
Accompanied by the battleship Valiant and escorted by two destroyers , she returned to Liverpool to load 30 Hurricanes with their wings removed .
The introduction of the process is usually associated with the American furniture maker Gustav Stickley at the beginning of the twentieth century , but fuming was certainly known in Europe some time before this .
It probably would have been home to those who benefited from trade with the garrison or hangers on of the soldiers .
It was built from turf on top of sandy clay with a rubble foundation .
The three species of raven are more heavily set with a broader chest than the two crow species , with the forest raven the stockiest of all .
To clean the rifles , a bore brush was lifted by two sailors and inserted into the gun barrel , where it was pulled through the rifle with the same equipment used to load the shells .
 Belgrade lies in the humid subtropical ( Cfa ) climate zone , with four seasons and uniformly spread precipitation .
 The first farming people to settle in the region are associated with the Neolithic Starčevo culture , which flourished between 6200 and 5200 BC .
 According to the 2011 census , the city has a population of 1 @,@ 166 @,@ 763 , while the urban area of Belgrade ( with adjacent urban settlements of Borča , Ovča , and Surčin included ) has 1 @,@ 233 @,@ 796 inhabitants , and the population of the metropolitan area ( the administrative area of the City of Belgrade ) stands at 1 @,@ 659 @,@ 440 people .
Planners settled on an orbital flight with a dog .
In their method , silicon was heated in a crucible placed inside another crucible packed with carbon to reduce permeation of oxygen to the inner crucible .
However , they are attacked by the leader of Neo @-@ Umbrella , who refers to herself as Ada Wong and kills most of the BSAA members using a device that injects them with the C @-@ virus turning them into monsters , except Chris and Piers .
Heavily wounded , and in a desperate attempt to save Chris , Piers injects himself with a sample of the C @-@ virus to help turn the tide of the battle , temporarily defeating Haos before evacuating .
Although presumed dead after being shot by one of Simmons ' soldiers , Carla attempts a final attack against the real Ada , after having injected herself with a powerful dose of the C @-@ virus , but is killed .
Loaded with an arrow @-@ like bolt that was probably wrapped in leather to allow greater thrusting power , it was set off through a touch hole with a heated wire .
The right gunner was to prime the piece and load it with powder , and the left gunner would fetch the powder from the magazine and be ready to fire the cannon at the officer 's command .
 During the Napoleonic Wars , a British gun team consisted of five gunners to aim it , clean the bore with a damp sponge to quench any remaining embers before a fresh charge was introduced , and another to load the gun with a bag of powder and then the projectile .
The medieval date for the construction is in doubt with some sources suggesting that the mound may have been a watchtower constructed in the 16th century .
The game was complemented with multiple DLC packs : they included multiple character outfits for Zero inspired by previous series protagonists , cosmetic adornments for Mikhail , and six prequel chapters detailing past events in the lives of both Zero and her sisters .
During this time , Crahan often went to the Runway on Sundays when the club opened to all ages , where he met other young musicians with whom he could jam .
By March 1993 , Crahan was jamming with vocalist Colsefni , bassist Gray and guitarist Pat Neuwirth , writing and playing songs in Gray 's basement , discussing possible band names such as Pull My Finger , but never making a final decision .
Jordison jammed occasionally with this group .
Stack appreciated their dinner with Blaine , finding it representative of what he enjoys about the show , commenting : " Last week , Kurt 's sexuality was the central emotional storyline of the episode , and this week it was played for laughs .
After Walsingham 's death in 1591 , Lopez continued exchanging letters with Spanish officials without the English government 's knowledge or authority .
The crowd roared with derision and laughter , taking this , from a man of Jewish background , for a thinly veiled confession .
 Plants grown under UVB light are more resistant to insect herbivory compared with plants grown under filters that exclude the radiation .
A run at the 2012 London Marathon saw him perform better than he did in 2010 , but he lost touch with the leading pack after the half @-@ way point and came fourteenth with a time of 2 : 10 : 41 hours .
Cochran heard Nelson during a jam session with Buddy Emmons and Jimmy Day .
They had acquired a LIDAR device , which incorporated lasers to scatter light with the intent of mapping out a small region , during the production of Domino ; Scott and Varisco decided to use the apparatus again during the production of Déjà Vu .
After returning from Europe , Hogg settled in Houston with her brother William .
A week later , playing for Somerset against Nottinghamshire , he scored the highest score of his first @-@ class career , accumulating 164 runs as part of a 290 @-@ run partnership with James Hildreth .
Murphy and Capps had previously worked with James on a pilot , and kept him in the " back of [ their ] minds " when casting Arthur .
We want to bring out a record nearly every year , every year and a half , " member Niall Horan said , revealing they were arranging " meetings and stuff with different writers and producers . "
According to Alexis Petridis of The Guardian , the guitar is played thrice between the riff with the plectrum stroking the strings , while it is pressed .
That 's what happens when you 're not a boy , but not yet a man : One Direction can 't go straight from the G @-@ rated sweetness of “ What Makes You Beautiful ” to something akin to Enrique Iglesias 's " Tonight , I ’ m F * * * * * * You , " so instead they ’ re stuck with this in between clumsiness that the not @-@ so @-@ little girls will understand . "
The mob beat , tortured or killed numerous black people , including one man who was attacked by a crowd of 400 with clubs and paving stones , then lynched , hanged from a tree and set alight .
The building was stocked with provisions shipped from London and Constantinople , as well as local purchases from the British camp near Kadikoi and the French camp at nearby Kamiesch .
The transports had been coming to the aid of the hard @-@ pressed German forces fighting around Narvik ; one was loaded with supplies , while the other two were carrying Fallschirmjäger paratroops .
 In 2000 the Arden Group settled with One Meridian Plaza 's owners E / R Partners to pay more than US $ 13 million for the site .
The plot involves her recounting the story of the disaster to her fictional parents and fiancé , with the footage interspersed with stock footage of icebergs , Titanic 's sister ship Olympic and the ship 's captain , Edward Smith .
BioWare executive producer Casey Hudson stated that Overlord was the " biggest downloadable content pack yet " and confirmed that they would not introduce more squad members to the game like they did with previous packs .
The smoke @-@ blackened streets were packed with illiterate multitudes [ who ] stayed alive through sheer birdlike ebullience " .
On 7 August , Westenra performed solo and duet with Dame Malvina Major at St James 's Church , Piccadilly among ChristChurch Cathedral Choir 2008 UK Tour .
The wagons provided for both these traffic flows ( both those owned by the GWR and the mining companies ) were fitted with end doors that allowed their loads to be tipped straight into the ships ' holds using wagon @-@ tipping equipment on the dockside .
Angela reveals she was injected with the T @-@ virus ; she was ill with a genetic disease and forced to walk on crutches .
Alice uses Terri 's video camera to record her story and injects Carlos with the anti @-@ virus carried by Angela , to keep her infection in check .
Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city with ease , the infection is characterized as a hoax , and the media announces that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning .
 Best Buy stores across the United States introduced a " Best Day Ever " -themed Best Buy giftcard that doubles as a DVD @-@ ROM packed with music videos , video game previews and more .
I 've got this amazing foam @-@ injected undersuit that flexes with me . "
Their 2001 work Lateralus was compared by Allmusic to Pink Floyd 's Meddle ( 1971 ) , but thirty years later and altered by " Tool 's impulse to cram every inch of infinity with hard guitar meat and absolute dread " .
 Theoretical analyses show that detours that increase flight distance by up to 20 % will often be adaptive on aerodynamic grounds - a bird that loads itself with food to cross a long barrier flies less efficiently .
@ 3 million geothermal heat pumps with a total capacity of 15 GW .
However , even in areas where the ground is colder than room temperature , heat can often be extracted with a geothermal heat pump more cost @-@ effectively and cleanly than by conventional furnaces .
Residential geothermal heat pumps with a capacity of 10 kilowatt ( kW ) are routinely installed for around $ 1 – 3 @,@ 000 per kilowatt .
Over 75 % of world production of this product occurs in France , with lesser industries in Hungary and Bulgaria and a growing production in China .
The subspecific epithet is Latin pǐcata " smeared with pitch " .
It prefers semi @-@ open woodland or grassland with scattered trees , often near wetlands or bodies of water .
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
 His return to France coincided with the outbreak of the Hungarian Revolution , which ended with a Soviet military intervention .
Born in Hoboken , New Jersey , to Italian immigrants , he began his musical career in the swing era with Harry James and Tommy Dorsey .
It was with the James band that Sinatra released his first commercial record " From the Bottom of My Heart " in July .
No more than 8 @,@ 000 copies of the record were sold , and further records released with James through 1939 , such as " All or Nothing At All " , also had weak sales on their initial release .
 Sinatra became increasingly frustrated with the status of the Harry James band , feeling that he was not achieving the major success and acclaim he was looking for .
He appeared with the Rat Pack in the western Sergeants 3 , following it with 4 for Texas in 1963 .
The thirteenth caution was prompted on lap 399 when Bobby Labonte made contact with Jamie McMurray in turn two , sending him spinning sideways but avoiding the wall .
Since a group of French researchers discovered the same compound at about the same time , the two teams named the compound daunorubicin , combining the name Dauni , a pre @-@ Roman tribe that occupied the area of Italy where the compound was isolated , with the French word for ruby , rubis , describing the color .
We all fight them both , and anyone who pretends they don ’ t is not someone I want to hang out with . "
 Kraków 's prehistory begins with evidence of a Stone Age settlement on the present site of the Wawel Hill .
 And their skulls lie spattered with blood
In their attempt to create powerful soldiers , NESTS kidnapped K ′ and injected him with DNA from the fighter Kyo Kusanagi , giving him his pyrokinetic skills .
 The band was able to secure the rights to allow the " This Too Shall Pass " Rube Goldberg video to be distributed via embedding prior to its premiere , in part due to funding support from State Farm Insurance , which helped to settle issues with EMI ; in exchange , State Farm had some say in the creative process , and the video includes elements with the State Farm logo , including a toy truck that is used to start the machine .
The ship was nominally under the 10 @,@ 000 long tons ( 10 @,@ 000 t ) limitation on warship size imposed by the Treaty of Versailles , though with a full load displacement of 16 @,@ 020 long tons ( 16 @,@ 280 t ) , she significantly exceeded it .
Marrows , beetroot , carrot and some other vegetables can be boiled with sugar to create jams .
ISO 1991 @-@ 1 : 1982 lists the botanical names of sixty @-@ one species of plants used as vegetables along with the common names of the vegetables in English , French and Russian .
 In the township the population was spread out with 25 @.
Future projections highlighted the likelihood of an accelerating loss of strength , with traffic restrictions to limit loading required in 2014 in the worst @-@ case scenario , followed by full closure by 2020 .
Cultivated plant taxonomists do , however , work with all kinds of plants in cultivation .
 Much of the work of the cultivated plant taxonomist is concerned with the naming of plants as prescribed by two plant nomenclatural Codes .
This is alluded to by the Cultivated Plant Code which specifies in its title that it is dealing with cultivated plants .
This is indicated in Principle 2 of the Cultivated Plant Code which defines the scope of the Code as " ... plants whose origin or selection is primarily due to the intentional actions of mankind " — plants that have evolved under natural selection with human assistance.Thirdly , cultivated plant taxonomy is concerned with plant variation that requires the use of special classification categories that do not conform with the hierarchy of ranks implicit in the Botanical Code , these categories being the cultivar , Group and grex ( which are only loosely equivalent to ranks in the Botanical Code ) .
The rules associated with naming plants are separate from the methods , principles or purposes of classification , except that the units of classification , the taxa , are placed in a nested hierarchy of ranks – like species within genera , and genera within families .
Cultivated plant taxonomy is concerned with the special classification categories needed for the plants of agriculture , horticulture and forestry as regulated by the Cultivated Plant Code .
This Code serves not only the scientific interests of formal nomenclature , it also caters for the special utilitarian needs of people dealing with the plants of commerce .
Cultigens include not only plants with cultivar names but also those with names in the classification categories of grex and Group .
Included within the group of plants known as cultigens are genetically modified plants , plants with binomial Latin names that are the result of ancient human selection , and any plants that have been altered by humans but which have not been given formal names .
Migrating people would take their plant seeds and cuttings with them ; there is evidence of early Fertile Crescent cereal cultigens being transferred from Western Asia to surrounding lands .
In his Enquiry into Plants Theophrastus described 480 kinds of plant , dividing the plant kingdom into trees , shrubs , undershrubs and herbs with further subdivision into wild and cultivated , flowering and non @-@ flowering , deciduous or evergreen .
The question remains as to whether the classification categories of cultivar , Group and grex are the most appropriate and efficient way to deal with this broad range of plant variation .
The area surrounding the monument included a temporary stand and viewing boxes decorated with bunting , large flags , flowers and shields , while the statue was draped with two American flags .
Although also designed to allow Remington to maintain manufacturing efficiencies with its sewing machine division , the typewriter 's aesthetics ( the sewing machine stand and floral ornamentation ) were further intended to facilitate its acceptance into the household .
 Like many Moroccan cities , Marrakesh comprises an old fortified city packed with vendors and their stalls ( the medina ) , bordered by modern neighborhoods , the most prominent of which is Gueliz .
It was originally covered with Marrakshi pink plaster , but in the 1990s experts opted to remove the plaster to expose the original stone work .
A pastilla is a filo @-@ wrapped pie stuffed with minced chicken or pigeon that has been prepared with almonds , cinnamon , spices and sugar .
Upon their return home , Marge feels upset that Homer gets to be the " fun dad " , while she is stuck doing unexciting things with the children , not helped by Homer being a sexist stating that 's how it should be .
Sepinwall also praised the episode for being " packed with great jokes " , such as Heidecker and Wareheim 's hip hop song and the scenes at the video game convention where the screen turns into a first @-@ person shooter game .
The Grand Tour was celebrated as educational travel when it involved exchanging scientific information with the intellectual elite , learning about other cultures , and preparing oneself to lead .
 his particular brand of ' realism ' carries with it a heaping measure of pure fantasy , grotesque humor , and — not least — an elegant veneer of classical mythology .
 Italian classical music grew gradually more experimental and progressive into the mid @-@ 20th century , while popular tastes have tended to stick with well established composers and compositions of the past .
Several regions have their own distinct form of rattle , including the raganella cog rattle and the Calabrian conocchie , a spinning or shepherd 's staff with permanently attached seed rattles with ritual fertility significance .
And then , so , for this , uh , this contract with Island Def Jam , in the beginning I separated it to this English language album , and I don 't do Japanese translations .
Barry Walters of Rolling Stone touted how the album " comes packed with both instant surface fizz and quirky finesse that sustains repeated listenings " , and ending his review , " Goodbye , Britney .
Following the breakup of Austria @-@ Hungary after its defeat in World War I , Croatian Parliament declared independence on 29 October 1918 and decided to join the newly formed State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , ending Habsburg rule and the personal union with Hungary after 816 years .
On 29 October 1918 the Croatian Sabor declared independence and decided to join the newly formed State of Slovenes , Croats and Serbs , ending Habsburg rule and the personal union with Hungary after 816 years .
 Kasey Kahne , who finished second , said , " I hung with him for about three laps running in his kind of dirty air .
American Airlines said that Tuesdays were the least @-@ traveled day of the week , with the same load factor seen on Tuesdays in the previous three months for Flight 77 .
Rolling Stone magazine 's music critic Pat Blashill wrote that the album " comes fully loaded with another dozen infectious hymns of Total Request angst " .
Al Friston described the album as " loaded with golden loveliness at every twist and turn " , in comparison to the group 's " essentially unconvincing work on New Adventures in Hi @-@ Fi and Up . "
Cope died in 2008 , his daughter draped his coffin with a quilt made from Terrible Towels that were sewn together by a fan .
This rapid adoption of the flex technology was facilitated by the fuel distribution infrastructure already in place , as around 27 @,@ 000 filling stations countrywide were available by 1997 with at least one ethanol pump , a heritage of the Pró @-@ Álcool program .
 The rapid success of flex vehicles was made possible by the existence of 33 @,@ 000 filling stations with at least one ethanol pump available by 2006 , a heritage of the early Pró @-@ Álcool ethanol program .
There 's a lot to be said for working with different producers and trying different stuff which has worked really well for me in the past but I definitely wanted someone to tie this together as Stuart has done so beautifully [ ... ] so that it existed as a real body of work " .
However , the Victoria Harbour waterfront district where the church was situated became more overcrowded with the rapid growth of Hong Kong at the time , and it became apparent that a permanent and larger cathedral was necessary .
Kiarostami appeared to have settled on his style with the Koker trilogy , which included a myriad of references to his own film material , connecting common themes and subject matter between each of the films .
The British Empire began to take shape during the early 17th century , with the English settlement of North America and the smaller islands of the Caribbean , and the establishment of private companies , most notably the English East India Company , to administer colonies and overseas trade .
Millions left the British Isles , with the founding settler populations of the United States , Canada , Australia and New Zealand coming mainly from Britain and Ireland .
After the condemned individual 's personal information was checked and approved , he was handcuffed and led to a cell insulated with stacks of sandbags along the walls , and a heavy , felt @-@ lined door .
[ ... ] it is a completely arbitrary image awkwardly stuffed with forced meaning " .
A major problem of the reconstruction was that the ships ' increased draft meant that their waterline armor belt was almost completely submerged with any significant load .
Trading took weeks or months , after which the ships were loaded with Chinese goods such as teas , silks , porcelains , sugar , cassia , and curios .
American ships were usually stocked with a surplus of trade goods intended for trade on the North West Coast .
The song is a quiet storm slow jam with electronic influences , and lyrics about the turning point of a relationship .
Pitchfork Media 's Carrie Battan calls the song " an exercise in the power of restraint " , commenting that " Diplo shows uncharacteristic subtlety behind Usher 's sentiment , with a beat that seems to hang suspended in midair . "
Coloration in this species is bright green dorsally and yellow @-@ green ventrally , with a few bright yellow scales scattered on the flanks in some specimens .
The audience had been seeded with supporters , who provided a standing ovation at the conclusion of his speech , which helped to produce a groundswell of support .
 Restoration work on the terraces surrounding the Shrine during the 1990s raised once again the possibility of taking advantage of the space under the Shrine : as the Shrine had been built on a hollow artificial hill , the undercroft ( although at the time filled with rubble from the construction ) provided a large space for development .
The Crypt is hung with the standards of various battalions and regiments , listing their battle honours .
He was the second Beatles member after Ringo Starr ( in " Brush with Greatness " ) to appear on The Simpsons .
 IGN ranked The Beatles ' appearances on The Simpsons series — in episodes such as " Lisa the Vegetarian " , " Brush with Greatness " , and " Homer 's Barbershop Quartet " — 10th on their list of the Top 25 Simpsons Guest Appearances , and the Toronto Star ranked the band fifth on a list of the 11 best cameos on The Simpsons .
A Neolithic @-@ Calcolithic necropolis , with seven known burial mounds , can still be seen around São Félix Hill and Cividade Hill .
This technique increases agricultural yields by using large , rectangular depressions dug into sand dunes , with the spoil piled up into banks surrounding the depression .
Throughout the duration of the match , Bearer was locked on a chair inside a glass crypt with the pump of cement truck above him .
Observers sighted barges loaded with troops and artillery pieces crossing the river 2 miles ( 3 @.
Throwing grenades and spraying the area with burp gun fire , the North Koreans quickly overran the position .
Believe in the Spirit " was praised for avoiding J @-@ pop elements and sticking with its Celtic style , being favorably compared to the theme songs of Xenogears .
Only three delegates , all from West Virginia , voted " no " to the resolution , and were showered with a " storm of hisses . "
Garfield had won the crowd over with his speech .
The site 's critical consensus reads , " Live Free or Die Hard may be preposterous , but it 's an efficient , action @-@ packed summer popcorn flick with thrilling stunts and a commanding performance by Bruce Willis .
The first train to run in the opposite direction left five minutes later , packed with dignitaries for the official opening .
 Jacob " Old Jake " Hammersley and Archie Stewart settled at the mouth of Hammersley Fork in 1827 , with Hammersley settling on the east bank of the stream and Stewart settling on the west bank .
He is able to compensate for his lack of overpowering strength with good defensive positioning and active stick @-@ checking .
The pregnant woman leaves the square and meets up with Costello , then tells him that the man back in the square with the most number of stickers is Fung .
Fung then removes his coat with all the stickers and runs off .
Fung then puts the coat on and Costello checks the bullet holes in the coat and sees that they align with the bullets stuck in the bullet @-@ proof vest he was wearing .
 Early public transport included the Farnworth horse @-@ bus service , with a terminus at the nearby Stocks Hotel in 1885 .
As it continues through Santa Clara County , it meets numerous local roads before interchanging with the Montague Expressway .
 Games tended to be characterized by low scores and frequent punting , with crowds between 10 @,@ 000 and 20 @,@ 000 ; these numbers dropped off in the last two games of the era .
Knowing that Canadian football was considerably different from the American game , Speros stocked the Stallions mostly with CFL veterans .
Liz hangs out with Emily and her friends ( Mary Catherine Garrison , Kerry Butler , and Christina Gausas ) , who spend majority of their time getting spa treatments and going shopping .
She goes back to hanging out with Emily and her friends , but soon discovers that they are a Girl Fight Club , which disappoints Liz .
On the TGS set , a huge poster of Jenna is hung with her real birthday and death date .
 The next session began similarly — Dylan spent the afternoon writing lyrics , and the session continued into the early hours of February 17 , when the musicians began to record " Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again " .
Wilentz analyzed the recording of Blonde on Blonde in his book Bob Dylan In America , concluding that the " official " documented version fits Dylan 's known touring schedule , and notes that five of the eight songs first recorded after " Stuck Inside of Mobile With The Memphis Blues Again " , but none of those recorded earlier , include a middle @-@ eight section — Dylan 's first extensive foray as a writer into that conventional structure " .
 " Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again "
 The Nashville sessions comprise : twenty takes of " Fourth Time Around " , four takes of " Visions of Johanna " , fourteen takes of " Leopard @-@ Skin Pill @-@ Box Hat " , four takes of " Sad @-@ Eyed Lady of the Lowlands " , fifteen takes of " Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again " , three takes of " Absolutely Sweet Marie " , eighteen takes of " Just Like a Woman " , three takes of " Pledging My Time " , six takes of " Most Likely You Go Your Way ( And I 'll Go Mine ) " , four takes of " Temporary Like Achilles " , four takes of " Obviously Five Believers " , five takes of " I Want You " , and one take of " Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 " .
After a court found that EDGE 's claims were " suspect " , the company settled with EA and surrendered many of its trademarks .
On August 24 , Mota was the winning pitcher in a 4 – 3 victory over Pittsburgh when he entered the game with the bases loaded and no outs and did not allow a run to score in one inning of work .
At one point , the troops ascended a mountain " so covered with brushwood that [ their ] legs were ready to sink under [ them ] . "
Epworth said that while " Skyfall " was his first experience writing film music , he had been involved with the production of James Bond music before : while Epworth was a tape operator at AIR Studios , he recorded some film soundtracks including David Arnold 's Tomorrow Never Dies .
 The episode received mostly positive reviews , with many critics complimenting James Earl Jones and Carrie Fisher 's cameo appearances .
In her follow @-@ up review of the eleventh and twelfth volumes , Silverman interpreted Arisa as struggling with Stockholm syndrome and wrote that it was unsettling , as by the conclusion , the character still remained in " an emotionally unhealthy ( or even abusive ) relationship . "
Sify rated the film 4 out of 5 and stated " If you are looking for sheer entertainment , know that Pawan Kalyan and Trivikram have gift packed for you with high dose of comedy .
He stated that " Another truly brilliant episode of The Office aired this week , with more humor packed into the half @-@ hour than you get in many feature @-@ length comedies . "
 Unusually for a rainforest @-@ dwelling bird , the white @-@ necked rockfowl builds a nest out of mud with varying amounts of plant fibers mixed in .
The eggs are a creamy white with dark brown blotches spread across the egg but in higher density near the larger end .
It is estimated that only 2 @,@ 500 to 10 @,@ 000 white @-@ necked rockfowl survive , with the population dwindling and spread out over a known 32 sites ; however , most individuals studying this species believe that the population is far fewer than the 10 @,@ 000 maximum .
@ 8 m ) , but can also be spread through direct contact with infected bodily fluids or contaminated objects ( fomites ) such as bedding or clothing .
Destroying existing stocks would reduce the risk involved with ongoing smallpox research ; the stocks are not needed to respond to a smallpox outbreak .
Mauna Loa , loaded with 500 men , and United States Army transport ship Meigs carried an Australian infantry battalion and an antitank unit between them .
 At the time of the raid the Mauna Loa and Meigs had unloaded troops and moved to anchorages with the force 's equipment and ammunition aboard with Neptuna and Zealandia unloading ammunition at the docks that were the first target of high altitude bombers .
We knew if we stuck with that lyric [ " Oklahoma " — which is Carrie 's home state ] it was Carrie 's song or maybe no one would ever record it , " Kear commented .
On 9 September , the Scots met the English at the Battle of Flodden , and were heavily defeated , with King James killed on the field .
Cosby , along with entrepreneur James Bruce Llewellyn , bought stock in a Philadelphia Coca @-@ Cola bottler in 1983 as part of the company 's push to increase African American participation in the company .
Weather reports received prior to departure indicated relatively clear conditions with a few scattered rain showers en route in the vicinity of La Crosse , Wisconsin and Rochester , Minnesota .
Horse @-@ drawn farm wagons loaded with human remains made their perilous way down the bluff .
 Andrew was dissatisfied with the just @-@ issued Lincoln cent , and considered seeking congressional authorization to replace the cent with a design by sculptor James Earle Fraser .
Part of the site had already been planted with fine trees in 1787 for Prince Potemkin by the English landscape gardener William Gould as part of Potemkin 's " improvements " to the area in perpetration of a visitation by Catherine the Great following Potemkin 's bloodless annexation of the Crimea to Russia .
General Ewing was ordered to North Carolina in 1865 , and was planning an expedition up the Roanoke river to co @-@ operate with the Army of the James , when Lee surrendered .
The ships were designed with two superimposed hangars , each approximately 153 meters ( 502 ft 0 in ) long , 15 meters ( 49 ft 3 in ) wide and 5 meters ( 16 ft 5 in ) high .
 Troop sleepers , generally intended for use by enlisted personnel , were equipped with bunks stacked 3 @-@ high , and slept 29 servicemen plus the Pullman porter .
The cars were also equipped with a pair of 200 @-@ gallon cold water tanks and a 40 @-@ gallon hot water tank ; supplies were stocked on open shelves with marine @-@ type railings , a bread locker , a large refrigerator , and a series of built @-@ in cabinets and drawers .
Each unit was ice air @-@ conditioned and came fitted with a shower room along with a modern kitchen with the latest equipment .
Its swimming style is slow , with widely spread pectoral fins .
William III of Orange , James 's son @-@ in @-@ law , sensed popular discontent with James 's government ; he used the death of Mary 's mother as a guise to send his half @-@ uncle , Count Zuylestein , to England , ostensibly to condole Queen Mary , but in reality as a spy .
Mary refused to part with James Francis Edward , and the rising failed .
As the wave crossed into the eastern Caribbean Sea and slowed down , the previously broad and open surface low consolidated and became stacked with the mid @-@ level center .
Count 2 was an identical count relating to the annual report for 1927 against both defendants and on count 3 Kylsant alone was charged with issuing a document — the debenture stock prospectus of 1928 with intent to induce people to advance property to the company .
But before that according to some experts , he helped the deposed Mughal emperor Humayun ( 1508 – 1556 ) to escape to Kabul , when Humayun again became the Emperor of Delhi , he showered Morya with gifts .
Following the funeral service , Meredith impulsively packs up her belongings and leaves with the children to San Diego .
 Officials believe that a knife from the kitchen had been smeared with blood and placed near the body , while a duplicate of the knife which was missing from a set found in Ward 's bedroom would have been more consistent with the wounds to Wone 's body .
Though no toxins were found in his blood , a lack of evidence of struggle led investigators to suspect Wone had been injected with a paralytic agent .
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
 In August 1855 , Jacob Green , a slave owned by Col. Parsons , escaped from Wappocomo farm with four other slaves from neighboring plantations .
Metallica were very inclusive , with James Hetfield acting as everybody 's favorite uncle interacting with the crowd and taking time to soak it all in . "
Germany remained divided until 1990 , when the Allies renounced all claims to German territory with the Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany , under which Germany also renounced claims to territories lost during World War II .
At Uppsala , Sweden , 40 @,@ 000 birds have been recorded at a single winter roost with mated pairs often settling together for the night .
Taylor missed the tour of India in January 2002 after injuring her knee in a training session , but returned the following summer with a string of good performances in the Super Fours — a competition in which the England selectors place the 48 leading players into four teams — trailing only her England team mate Charlotte Edwards as the leading run @-@ scorer .
In England 's final match of the group stages , Taylor top @-@ scored with 49 runs in a dead rubber loss against Australia : Australia could not qualify for the final , and England were already through .
In some cases the normal motion of the points is combined with a tangential motion to spread them more uniformly around the curve .
The episode 's title refers to the sword fighting lesson that Jon gave to Arya before their farewell : " Stick them with the pointy end . "
The family had been long @-@ time supporters of Habsburg dynastic aspirations and policies , and key advisers for in the often @-@ troubled Imperial relationships with the Swabian Imperial circle ( Kreis ) .
Cabbage seeds traveled to Australia in 1788 with the First Fleet , and were planted the same year on Norfolk Island .
 Fungal diseases include wirestem , which causes weak or dying transplants ; Fusarium yellows , which result in stunted and twisted plants with yellow leaves ; and blackleg ( see Leptosphaeria maculans ) , which leads to sunken areas on stems and gray @-@ brown spotted leaves .
 Pests include root @-@ knot nematodes and cabbage maggots , which produce stunted and wilted plants with yellow leaves ; aphids , which induce stunted plants with curled and yellow leaves ; harlequin bugs , which cause white and yellow leaves ; thrips , which lead to leaves with white @-@ bronze spots ; striped flea beetles , which riddle leaves with small holes ; and caterpillars , which leave behind large , ragged holes in leaves .
The guns were loaded with MD45 propellant charges that weighed 297 lb ( 135 kg ) ; these were stored in silk bags .
 Nurmi introduced the " even pace " strategy to running , pacing himself with a stopwatch and spreading his energy uniformly over the race .
Trains of the new wagons were much heavier , particularly when loaded with milled peat , and the existing locomotives were inadequate .
After the war , several of the men were assisted by their wives , who helped with the stacking of the peat , but did not get paid for their labour .
 In 2005 , the city council voted to replace all existing T1000 and T1300 stock with the MX3000 , increasing the quantity by another 30 units .
Cynicism spread with the rise of Imperial Rome in the 1st century , and Cynics could be found begging and preaching throughout the cities of the empire .
 In fish such as the herring which live in shallower water , the mirrors must reflect a mixture of wavelengths , and the fish accordingly has crystal stacks with a range of different spacings .
 These two conflicting images of Sophiatown stand side by side - the romantic vision of a unique community juxtaposed with a seedy and violent township with dangers lurking at every corner .
Wieselman suggested that Colfer and Michele " redefined show @-@ stopper " with their performance , and Itzkoff lauded it as " a powerful reminder of why it 's worth sticking with Glee through what has quickly proved a polarizing season . "
Walls were painted white and could be covered with dyed linen wall hangings .
The body was then wrapped in linen with protective amulets inserted between layers and placed in a decorated anthropoid coffin .
 Wounds were treated by bandaging with raw meat , white linen , sutures , nets , pads , and swabs soaked with honey to prevent infection , while opium thyme and belladona were used to relieve pain .
Numerous giant lemur species vanished with the arrival of human settlers to the island , while others became extinct over the course of the centuries as a growing human population put greater pressures on lemur habitats and , among some populations , increased the rate of lemur hunting for food .
56 % of Madagascar 's power is provided by hydroelectric power plants with the remaining 44 % provided by diesel engine generators .
This has prompted the most frequent criticism of SJS : that consultants stack juries with inexorably biased or dumb jurors ; in turn , practitioners insist this is impossible and that bias can only be removed from a jury pool .
Several downloadable content packs that extend the game with new missions and challenges were also released .
According to director Alistair Hope , the development team grew from " a couple of guys crammed in with the Total War team " to a group of 100 people by 2014 .
 Hidden footage of the band firing machine guns can be reached by selecting the song " The Undefeated " , waiting 22 seconds until the lettering starts to blink and pressing ' Enter ' ( ' Enter ' must be pressed before the lettering blinks for a second time at 24 seconds ) Guitarist Huw Bunford has described this footage as being " exactly how it looked on the tin ... noisy , full of testosterone , with pumped up guys in the woods trying to kill furry animals ! "
Saidieh was en route to Hull from Alexandria with a load of onions and cottonseed when UB @-@ 6 sank her at the mouth of the Thames ; eight crewmen lost their lives in the attack .
The 1 @,@ 041 @-@ ton ship was en route to London from Westervik with a load of timber , but did not sink ; there were no reports of casualties on the damaged ship .
 During their two years at Valley Parade , the Bradford Bulls recorded their highest attendance on 4 March 2001 against St Helens with a crowd of 16 @,@ 572 .
In relation to past failed shows adapted from British shows , the Pittsburgh Post @-@ Gazette stated " Despite botching the American remake of the Britcom Coupling , NBC makes a pretty good effort in its version of The Office in duplicating the original 's ethos while injecting it with an American sensibility . "
The soil surrounding the old middens was cleared out , connections with drains and sewers removed and dry closets erected over each site .
The manure works was a filthy environment , filled with dust .
In foreign policy Grant won praise for the Treaty of Washington , settling the Alabama Claims issue with Britain through arbitration .
Grant ordered General Sherman not to attack the Indians but settle matters peacefully with a commission .
AllMusic staff writer Steve Huey gave the album four out of five stars , saying " Vs. may not reach the majestic heights of Ten , but at least half the record stands with Pearl Jam 's best work . "
 Pearl Jam made a conscious decision beginning with the release of Vs. to scale back its commercial efforts . "
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in the United States in the fall of 1993 and the spring of 1994 .
The scientists also wanted a flat area to minimize secondary effects of the blast , and with little wind to spread radioactive fallout .
Because dust thrown up by vehicles interfered with some of the instrumentation , some 20 miles ( 32 km ) of road was sealed at a cost of $ 5 @,@ 000 a mile .
However , due to drinking , substance abuse , violent behavior , and personality conflicts with band mates James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich , Mustaine was soon fired from Metallica .
 Upon crossing Germantown Pike , PA 363 becomes known as Valley Forge Road and continues into agricultural areas with scattered residential neighborhoods .
The grape was first introduced to New Zealand in the 1970s as an experimental planting to be blended with Müller @-@ Thurgau .
 In North America , California is the leading producer of Sauvignon blanc with plantings also found in Washington state and on the Niagara Peninsula and Okanagan Valley in Canada .
The Department of Engineering took over its maintenance in 1907 , immediately completed a survey and posted granite milestones that marked the distance from Placerville , and in 1910 started sprinkling the dirt road with water in summer to keep down dust ( as had been done in the 1860s ) .
It is found at mountain summits and is primarily composed of dense shrub and small trees with moss and epiphyte growth in its plants and floor .
At 20 : 15 , a Maritime Services Board watchman spotted the midget after it passed through the western gap , collided with the Pile Light , then reversed and trapped its stern in the net .
 The outer bailey was roughly rectangular , with 6 feet ( 2 m ) thick walls faced in sandstone and infilled with rubble .
It is a modified three @-@ level cloverstack interchange with two loop ramps ( Airport Drive west to Tonkin Highway north and Leach Highway east to Tonkin Highway south ) .
In August 2015 , the filmmaker Teja admitted that the Telugu film industry is stuck with two types of narratives and concepts — hero @-@ centric films and those similar to Gundamma Katha .
After that , because Greg had earlier used a malfunctioning toilet ( and telling Jack that Jinx had flushed the toilet , which Jack didn 't buy ) , the Byrnes 's yard floods with sewage .
Jeff Vice of the Deseret News , another detractor of the film , proclaimed Meet the Parents " only erratically funny " and accused Roach of taking " the cheap way out with a series of unfunny jokes . "
The film was to be directed by Roach with the screenplay written by Larry Stuckey , Roach 's former assistant .
As a result of this his wife decided to settle with her parent in Pune with their children , leaving Ankola isolated .
This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna .
Pepper that eschews the use of guitars and drums , featuring a string nonet with a harp and drawing comparison with " Yesterday " and " Eleanor Rigby " , which utilise a string quartet and octet respectively .
Moore credits Martin 's clarinet arrangement and Starr 's use of brushes with establishing the music hall atmosphere , which is reinforced by McCartney 's vocal delivery and the recording 's use of chromaticism , a harmonic pattern that can be traced to Scott Joplin 's " The Ragtime Dance " and The Blue Danube by Johann Strauss .
The SSSI includes two woods – the Wilderness and part of Ryott 's Plantation – which are important because they support a very great diversity of plants associated with this woodland type , dominated by alder ( Alnus glutinosa ) ; though ash ( Fraxinus excelsior ) is abundant in places and there is occasional oak ( Quercus robur ) and wych elm ( Ulmus glabra ) .
Many streets and boulevards are planted with trees .
 A proposed variant of the B @-@ 52H was the EB @-@ 52H , which would have consisted of 16 modified and augmented B @-@ 52H airframes with additional electronic jamming capabilities .
@ 93 kN ) with water injection .
@ 16 kN ) static thrust with water injection .
 The zenith of B @-@ 52 attacks in Vietnam was Operation Linebacker II ( sometimes referred to as the Christmas Bombing ) which consisted of waves of B @-@ 52s ( mostly D models , but some Gs without jamming equipment and with a smaller bomb load ) .
 In August 2007 , a B @-@ 52H ferrying AGM @-@ 129 ACM cruise missiles from Minot Air Force Base to Barksdale Air Force Base for dismantling was mistakenly loaded with six missiles with their nuclear warheads .
Redesignated NB @-@ 52E , the aircraft was fitted with canards and a Load Alleviation and Mode Stabilization system ( LAMS ) which reduced airframe fatigue from wind gusts during low level flight .
 This aircraft was given J57 @-@ P @-@ 43W engines with a larger capacity water injection system to provide greater thrust than previous models .
The B @-@ 52G was equipped with water injection to give additional thrust for take @-@ off , but the lead aircraft was not equipped with this system .
Opinions were divided on the original camera , with Famitsu praising its movement , while Van Duine and Dengeki PlayStation found issues with it getting stuck in the environment or impeding visibility .
His self @-@ described " passion " for cheese began during his childhood in Tacoma , Washington , where his family always kept a cheese board piled high with local cheeses .
@ 2 kg ) sizes on racks in open air , and is rubbed with butter while being turned daily .
Prior to signing with Def Jam , Rihanna was discovered by record producer Evan Rogers in Barbados , who helped Rihanna record demo tapes to send out to several record labels .
The audition resulted in Rihanna signing a six @-@ album record deal with Def Jam Recordings in February 2005 , on the same day of the audition , with Jay @-@ Z saying " There 's only two ways out .
 For a transmission line carrying sinusoidal waves , the phase of the reflected wave is continually changing with distance , with respect to the incident wave , as it proceeds back down the line .
Tom immediately abandons Ben to hang out with a group of older men at the spa .
Both Mikita and Bobby Hull experimented with heating and bending their stick blade to create different curves .
Hall adopted the technique as a youth when he lacked the arm strength to stop shots with his stick .
The earliest evidence of human presence in Biscayne dates to about 2500 years before the present , with piles of conch and whelk shells left by the Glades culture .
The frame structures associated with these plantations , together with those of the Cocolobo Cay Club and frame buildings on Boca Chita Key , have been destroyed by fire and hurricanes .
A PETA representative told the Daily Star : " Subjecting these shy sensitive animals to long periods of restraint in order to spray them with potentially noxious chemicals will also be stressful and frightening for them . "
Cowan of Canadian Business said , " Cynics will view this as a decidedly stodgy brand trying to make itself hip by hanging out with cool kids .
News ) agreed that " although Tyler herself was on form , singing beautifully and rousing the crowd with her podiumed finale , " Believe in Me " was simply not good enough as a song " .
One audio engineer spent three months with James , helping him wire together patch panels and " then [ the engineer ] realized he was doing it all wrong and had to start again " .
These suggestions were implemented into Syro 's final LP packaging , with James ' wife Anastasia Rybina credited for additional design and " puckography " .
 Nor altar heaped with flowers ;
The colony was settled without adequate provisions , and was dissolved in late March 1623 after harming relations with local Native Americans .
They may be reloaded with money value the same way as the card itself , including automatic reloading via the Automatic Add Value Service , with the exception that they cannot be reloaded at Add Value Machines due to their shapes .
His father had moved the middle @-@ income family to that city , where he owned a few feddans of land mostly planted with pears and grapes .
With James unable to declare Coke incompetent , some of what Humphry William Woolrych describes as " colorable excuses " were produced to justify Coke 's dismissal ; he was accused of concealing £ 12 @,@ 000 , uttering " high words of contempt " as a judge , and declaring himself Chief Justice of England .
Wright compiled a table with three columns .
The other squirrels take notice , suspect Timmy of robbing others of their hoards , rush upon him , scratch and cuff him , chase him up a tree , and stuff him with great difficulty through the woodpecker 's hole .
In China , the fungus is used by vegetarians to prepare " an immunomodulating cooling soup with lotus seed , lily bulbs , jujube , etc . "
Three arched double hung windows with two @-@ over @-@ two sash run along the sides of the building with three smaller windows are in the entry pavilion .
Both Groening and Simon are credited with developing the series along with executive producer James L. Brooks .
Remove the scum carefully , and pour the boiling jelly gradually to half a pint of thick cream , stirring them briskly together as they are mixed : they must be stirred until very nearly cold , and then poured into a mould which has been rubbed in every part with the smallest possible quantity of very pure salad oil , or if more convenient , into one that has been dipped into cold water .
The 1758 edition of Hannah Glasse 's The Art of Cookery contains what Clarissa Dickson Wright calls a " famous recipe " which describes how " To make a currey the Indian way " ; it flavours chicken with onions fried in butter , the chicken being fried with turmeric , ginger and ground pepper , and stewed in its own stock with cream and lemon juice .
Customers may eat a cream tea or a Devonshire tea , served from a china set , and a scone with jam and clotted cream .
He invented a " practiser " : a small , wooden fingerboard with six strings stretched across a bridge .
Sabin won the encounter for his team by pinning Skipper with a small package pin .
This resulted in A @-@ 1 , Douglas , Storm , Young , and Williams fighting at the ringside area until Harris jumped off the top of a padded turnbuckle onto the group with a splash .
Williams attempted to bash Storm with a hockey stick , but missed allowing Storm to toss him to the floor .
Meanwhile , Roode scored the pinfall on Stevens with a small package pin while holding his tights for leverage at 11 minutes and 11 seconds .
He went on to describe it as a " fun @-@ packed electro treat filled with sizzling beats and crazy vocal effects . "
Together with the dancer troops , she performed a Thriller inspired dance , with glow sticks and leather props being used through the performance .
There were plans to build a new 90 @,@ 000 seater stadium in Leazes park , just behind St James ' with Newcastle Falcons taking over St James ' Park , but due to protests the plans were dropped .
The work of these clubs , and others , are changing the way professional sport interacts with their communities and supporters .
According to the director , Day was cast based on his performance in an episode of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia : " He comes out with a stick , and he has a monologue about what it is to hunt the rats in the basement .
 On July 28 , 2010 , it was reported that del Toro would next direct an adaptation of H. P. Lovecraft 's At the Mountains of Madness for Universal Studios , with James Cameron producing .
Cherno Alpha , the Russian Jaeger , was based on the shape and paint patterns of a T @-@ series Russian tank , combined with a giant containment silo to give the appearance of a walking nuclear power plant with a cooling tower on its head .
An area of topiary with seven specimens was planted in 1983 with box , behind the coach house .
The September Epsilon Perseids , discovered in 2012 , are a meteor shower with an unknown parent body in the Oort cloud .
 A host treated his retainers very well and showered them with luxury gifts if he wanted to boast his wealth and status .
However , not all retainers shared the same status , as those showered with gifts often provided highly skilled work or greater services ; retainers who were not as skilled were given lesser gifts and seated in less honorable positions when meeting the host .
 On 28 March 1992 Morris performed at the Concert for Life at Centennial Park in Sydney — a fund raiser for the Victor Chang Cardiac Research Centre — with Crowded House , Def FX , Diesel , INXS , Ratcat and Yothu Yindi .
Johnny Devine interfered mid @-@ way through by hitting Storm with a kendo stick , which led to a pinfall attempt by Young , however Stormed kicked out at two .
When commenting on the NWA World Tag Team Championship match he stated it was " an awesome , awesome tag team match with insane crowd heat " .
 In disability skiing events , this classification is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the Slalom and Giant Slalom .
With trembling hand I shall cultivate sensibility , and cherish delicacy of sentiment , lest , whilst I lend fresh blushes to the rose , I sharpen the thorns that will wound the breast I would fain guard – I dread to unfold her mind , lest it should render her unfit for the world she is to inhabit – Hapless woman !
In Rolf Singer 's classification of the Agaricales mushrooms , it is also the type species of section Boletus , a grouping of about 30 related boletes united by several characteristics : a mild @-@ tasting , white flesh that does not change colour when exposed to air ; a smooth to distinctly raised , netted pattern over at least the uppermost portion of the stem ; a yellow @-@ brown or olive @-@ brown spore print ; white tubes that later become yellowish then greenish , which initially appear to be stuffed with cotton ; and cystidia that are not strongly coloured .
In youth , the pores are white and appear as if stuffed with cotton ( which are actually mycelia ) ; as they age , they change colour to yellow and later to brown .
 Boletus edulis is mycorrhizal — it is in a mutualistic relationship with the roots of plants ( hosts ) , in which the fungus exchanges nitrogen and other nutrients extracted from the environment for fixed carbon from the host .
The ectomycorrhizal fungi are then able to exchange nutrients with the plant , effectively expanding the root system of the host plant to the furthest reaches of the symbiont fungi .
Alternatively , the mushrooms can be dried by cleaning with a brush ( washing is not recommended ) , and then placing them in a wicker basket or bamboo steamer on top of a boiler or hot water tank .
The results of some studies suggest that unknown components of the soil microflora might be required for B. edulis to successfully establish a mycorrhizal relationship with the host plant .
Ai is the eldest of the three and communicates with plants .
The road crosses the railway west of Paddington to the Hanger Lane gyratory system , a large roundabout on top of the Western Avenue ( the A40 ) with Hanger Lane tube station .
 South of the four @-@ level stack interchange with I @-@ 69 , I @-@ 475 crosses over a line of the Canadian National Railway .
They defeated Craybas and Spears to set up a second round clash with the twelfth seeds Chuang Chia @-@ jung and Květa Peschke , who they beat in straight sets .
In South Korea , the song debuted at number 147 on the Gaon International Downloads Chart with sales of 2 @,@ 516 copies .
While the road watch was ongoing , other patrols would be attacking targets along other stretches of the Tripoli to Benghazi road , by planting mines or attacking vehicles with machine gun fire .
 The 1930s began with a brush with disaster – the side finished bottom of the League in 1931 , but were successful in their bid for re @-@ election .
 With rising crowds and the Football Association raising concerns over the suitability of The Nest , the club considered renovation , but ultimately decided on a move to Carrow Road .
The first officer 's control column was not equipped with a stick shaker ; the device was offered by McDonnell Douglas as an option for the first officer , but American Airlines chose not to have it installed on its DC @-@ 10 fleet .
The whole scene was rewritten with help from producer James L. Brooks and it was completed after several hours .
For Irudhi Suttru , Madhavan received widespread critical acclaim for his portrayal with Sify.com stating " he is outstanding and carries the proverbial burden of the project on his shoulder " .
The game was released in July 2010 as a platform exclusive title on Xbox Live Arcade , and was later re @-@ released as part of a retail game pack along with Trials HD and ' Splosion Man in April 2011 .
In the summer of 1978 , after the worst in a string of contentious clashes with several different owners after Walter Brown 's passing in 1964 , Auerbach hopped into a taxi to take him to Logan Airport , where he was to board a flight to New York to consider a lucrative contract offer from Knicks owner Sonny Werblin .
 Carlos becomes sexually involved with the Caucasian gay couple , James and Gary , who recently bought Tomas 's property and are now his landlords and neighbors , but he eventually begins a secret affair with Gary without James 's knowledge .
 Ohno won two gold medals , as well as the overall title at the meet despite suffering from a severe stomach illness , and was surprised when the Korean crowd cheered his victories , saying , " I was really happy with the crowd 's reaction .
Orbital resonances with Jupiter and Saturn are particularly strong in the asteroid belt , and gravitational interactions with more massive embryos scattered many planetesimals into those resonances .
County Route 508 splits from Route 21 by heading east on Bridge Street , crossing the Passaic River , and Route 21 continues north , passing by Bears & Eagles Riverfront Stadium before interchanging with Interstate 280 .
She has not started all games in the 2011 / 2012 season , coming off the bench on a few occasions because her team is stacked with talent .
After home games in Canberra , Jackson would hang out with her teammates at Tilley 's Devine Cafe .
In an interview , Khan revealed details about his character : Samar is " angry , unforgiving , with loads of emotional baggage .
 ReactOS ' network stack is built on the TCP portion of OSKit 's port of the network stack in FreeBSD , along with an internally developed implementation for packet @-@ oriented protocols like IP .
Asylum compositor John Stewart blended that footage with shots of the hanging sleeping bag into a single shot .
In effect , she was shielded from taking on a meaningful workload and not trusted to contribute with either bat or ball .
This brought him into contact with Superintendent of the Indian Department James Givins and influential Bishop John Strachan , with whom he arranged the funding and support of the Credit Mission .
There he lived and worked as a preacher and community leader , leading the conversion of Mississaugas to a European lifestyle of agriculture and Christianity , which enabled them to compete with the white settlers of Upper Canada .
By the summer of 1826 , with construction of the settlement well under way , the rest of the band had joined the Methodist church and settled at the Credit Mission .
At the same time , Strachan and various government officers applied pressure to the Indian communities to abandon Methodism for Anglicanism , refusing to assist the Rice Lake Indians with the construction of a settlement as they had done with the Credit and Bay of Quinte missions , even though the Rice Lake Indians offered to fund the construction from their land surrender annuities .
Typical examples from the period are the fully illustrated De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes by Leonhart Fuchs ( 1542 , with over 400 plants ) , the astrologically themed Complete Herbal by Nicholas Culpeper ( 1653 ) , and the Curious Herbal by Elizabeth Blackwell ( 1737 ) .
He was an enthusiastic and skilful gardener , his garden in Long Acre being stocked with rarities .
Firstly , discussion of plant lore was reduced and with the increased medical content there emerged the official pharmacopoeia .
With the help of Marge and Lisa , who spray water on the jockeys with a hose , Homer is able to put the jockeys into a garbage bag and get them sent to the dump .
Stick with it , though , and the show blossoms , featuring a few terrific action sequences while introducing into this grim world seminal characters the Punisher and Elektra . "
 There had been little opportunity for co @-@ ordination , with the Australian infantry strung out along the routes away from FSB Coral in preparation for their move the next day .
Three days later C Company returned to the area to recover the lost machine @-@ gun only to find the position as they had left it ; strewn with dead bodies and caved @-@ in bunkers with the battlefield having been abandoned by the North Vietnamese , who had also withdrawn following the Australian assault .
As part of the operation the tanks ambushed a river and sank seven loaded sampans with their 20 @-@ pounder main armament .
Some areas with values 116 and higher are scattered throughout the watershed except near the headwaters .
Hitler 's need to prevent an Italian invasion was settled with the Rome @-@ Berlin Axis , partway into the Spanish Civil War .
The family @-@ owned Matt Brewing Company resisted the bankruptcies and plant closings that came with the industry consolidation under a few national brands .
 Revival of the Oxford University Pooh Sticks Society has begun thanks to students in Magdalen College , Oxford , with the creation of the Magdalen College Pooh Sticks Society ( MCPSS ) founded in April 2013 which mixes classic Pooh Sticks games with commentary and rules in the style of radio programme I 'm Sorry I Haven 't a Clue .
Similar effects were felt in coastal Georgia with scattered thunderstorms causing minor damage .
One is the Have It Your Way Foundation , a US @-@ based non @-@ profit ( 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) ) corporation with multiple focuses on hunger alleviation , disease prevention and community education through scholarship programs at colleges in the US .
This was followed by a $ 169 million settlement with stockholders in February 2010 .
 Allgame said the enjoyment " isn 't bad " , but limited : " You can only blow up so much stuff with a helicopter . "
Both had encounters with scattered British warships : the larger body encountered the British frigate HMS Concorde under Captain Robert Barton at 09 : 00 on 27 January approximately 75 nautical miles ( 139 km ) northeast of Finisterre .
CMLL co @-@ promoted the tournament with the Universal Wrestling Association ( UWA ) with the tournament spread out between CMLL and UWA shows , the tournament started on February 26 , 1993 featuring wrestlers from both promotions .
Such a massive gap between themselves and the chasing pack with ten games remaining was enough for Manchester bookmaker Fred Done to pay out on punters who backed the champions in retaining their crown .
Others were destroyed : an American ship named Ellis , passing close to Crookhaven on 29 December , encountered a vessel wallowing in the waves , dismasted and with the deck strewn with bodies .
Progress was slow as Droits de l 'Homme was overloaded with 1 @,@ 300 men , including 800 soldiers under General Jean Humbert .
The heroin addictions had taken their toll on the band members ; Gregg Allman later said , " We were taking vitamins , we had doctors coming over and sticking us in the ass with B12 shots every day .
@ 1 m3 ) , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast — such as fresh produce from Southern California farms — to the East Coast .
Hot Patootie " resulted in praise for Stamos , with Stack grading it an " A " and comparing it favorably to the actor 's singing on Full House , and Semigran recommending that he be cast in a Broadway revival of The Rocky Horror Show .
The film is planned for release in 2016 with a Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign later in 2014 .
The election results were challenged on grounds of voter fraud , but surprisingly , the state Board of Elections , created by a law Goebel had sponsored and stocked with pro @-@ Goebel commissioners , certified Taylor 's victory .
Most of the state 's judges were Democratic supporters of Goebel and juries were packed with partisan Democrats .
Evan Sawdey of PopMatters noted similarities between the song and the music of Queen , adding , " Although the resulting tune doesn 't have the same driving oomph of a peak @-@ era Queen number , the imitation is admirable if not just for the fact that it manages to rub shoulders with such sacred company without once feeling like a gimmick . "
Gaga was dressed in a flesh @-@ colored bodysuit wrapped with white piping , embedded with flashing lights imitating ribs and a spine .
There is seasonal migration from the commune to the cities of Aïoun and Nouakchott in the dry season , then back to the commune in the winter season , when many people return to help their families with tilling and planting .
 The commune has six wells with pumps supplying 221 connections , 15 modern wells and 61 traditional wells .
The aquarium should be large with middling amounts of plant growth and plenty of space for swimming .
Though he was ready to quit because " he looked and felt like a 10 @-@ year @-@ old among the tall , athletic prospects surrounding him " , his uncle convinced him in a phone conversation to stick with it .
After the all @-@ star break , he spent over a month on the disabled list with plantar fasciitis , hindering his statistical totals , which at the time of his injury were among the best in the National League .
Dergarabedian also believed that audiences ' familiarity with Craig as character James Bond would help the film .
 Market dominance was not only reflected in numbers of books published — Ace published , during this period , the first novels of authors such as Philip K. Dick ( Solar Lottery , 1955 , D @-@ 103 , bound with Leigh Brackett 's The Big Jump ) ; Gordon R. Dickson ( Alien from Arcturus , 1956 , D @-@ 139 , bound with Nick Boddie Williams ' The Atom Curtain ) , Samuel R. Delany ( The Jewels of Aptor , 1962 , F @-@ 173 , bound with James White 's Second Ending ) , Ursula K. Le Guin ( Rocannon 's World , 1966 , G @-@ 574 , bound with Avram Davidson 's The Kar @-@ Chee Reign ) , Roger Zelazny ( This Immortal , 1966 , F @-@ 393 ) , and R. A. Lafferty 's Past Master ( 1968 , H @-@ 54 ) .
Typically , Homer Rodeheaver would first warm up the crowd with congregational singing that alternated with numbers from gigantic choirs and music performed by the staff .
Haynes , in command of no bombers with which to retaliate , instead loaded a transport with 100 @-@ pound ( 45 kg ) fragmentation bombs and had some soldiers throw them out over enemy forces .
Even less fatty foods such as fruits are sprayed with sulfurous antioxidants prior to air drying .
More than one @-@ third of Hydro @-@ Québec TransÉnergie 's system consists of high voltage AC 735 / 765 kV power lines , totaling 11 @,@ 422 kilometres ( 7 @,@ 097 mi ) strung between 38 substations with equipment of that voltage .
The other has shorter side crossbars , such that the two outside bundles are hung on a vertical insulator string and only the middle bundle is hung with a V @-@ shaped insulator .
This type of tower also includes a variation with longer side crossbars , where all conductors are hung with a V @-@ shaped insulator and one with shorter side crossbar , where only the middle bundle hangs from the insulator and the side bundles are strung on vertical insulator strings .
In addition , the crossbar is replaced by a series of suspension cables with three vertical insulator strings to support the three bundles , which allows this design to consume only 6 @.
By January 9 , shower and thunderstorm activity associated with the disturbance increased as it began to interact with the South Pacific Convergence Zone .
Hurricane Debby moved north @-@ northeast , brushing Bermuda with tropical storm @-@ force winds .
Individual plant cells respond to molecules associated with pathogens known as Pathogen @-@ associated molecular patterns or PAMPs .
Interaction with a monsoon trough reinvigorated shower and thunderstorm activity on August 11 across a large area southwest of the Cape Verde Islands , but the surface low had dissipated by this time .
The film shared the Audience Award for Best Dramatic Feature at the 2005 Miami International Film Festival with The Overture and Red Dust .
 The actor was more successful in 2006 with his role opposite Jamie Foxx in Michael Mann 's action crime drama , Miami Vice .
 Silent Alarm garnered widespread critical acclaim with praise often centered on its fast tempo and passionate delivery .
 The outworks were surrounded by an advanced ditch , but only a part of it remains since most of it was filled in with rubble .
However , when the investigative committee heard of the success of the third tier , a man @-@ sized ad @-@ hoc quantum tunnel through physical space with possible applications as a shower curtain , it recessed permanently and gave Aperture Science an open @-@ ended contract to continue its research .
 Oswald Avery showed in 1943 that DNA was likely the genetic material of the chromosome , not its protein ; the issue was settled decisively with the 1952 Hershey – Chase experiment — one of many contributions from the so @-@ called phage group centered around physicist @-@ turned @-@ biologist Max Delbrück .
 = = Relationship with host plant Gentiana cruciata = =
 Unaware of Simpson 's accusation for the murders of his wife and his wife 's friend Ron , he grows fearful after Joe convinces him to walk around town with the song Dust in the Wind while thinking about the murders .
 When SpongeBob awakens with a hangover on the Goofy Goober party boat , he asks a waiter for a " Double @-@ Fudge Spinny " ; the rejected line was used in a tie @-@ in book , Ice @-@ Cream Dreams , which was based on the film .
The Pennsylvania Railroad delivered empty hopper cars to the Kittanning Point station which the two railroads returned loaded with coal .
 Horseshoe Curve was depicted in brochures , calendars and other promotional material ; Pennsylvania Railroad stock certificates were printed with a vignette of it .
He further noted , " There were so many striking visual images both on stage and on screen , the show felt like a Pinterest board come to life -- packed with bold colors and graphics , elegant modern dance positions and video clips . "
As she was performing a New Edition @-@ inspired choreography and sang the song 's modulations in an extended vocal showcase the crowd sang along with her .
The show ended with a performance of " Single Ladies ( Put a Ring on It ) " which featured a Bob Fosse @-@ inspired choreography and a singalong with the crowd .
 Roy E. Disney , the nephew of Walt , co @-@ produced Fantasia 2000 which entered production in 1990 and features seven new segments performed by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra with conductor James Levine .
He rewarded Kadan with 300 packs of silk and 300 taels of silver , and appointed Lian Xixian to the position of Prime Minister of the Right in the Secretariat .
The glistening ice forming on the stone cylinders discovered in the film was created by applying the popping candy to materials such as wet metal and stone that was then sprayed with water to produce the " popping , cracking " sound .
Time Out London 's Tom Huddleston wrote that " the photography is pleasingly crisp and the design is stunning " , but that , " [ t ] he script feels flat ... the dialogue is lazy , while the plot , though crammed with striking concepts , simply fails to coalesce .
Ships had to depart multiple ports in the United Kingdom and the Middle East on a predefined schedule , loaded with enormous quantities of supplies , equipment , stores and troops .
In some countries the live DVD was packed with Irreemplazable as a bonus disc .
The main objective of the mission , however , was to secure the return of Edward ; but this failed , mainly because Henry III 's relations with the Hungarians were strained , and the emperor was unable or unwilling to help Ealdred .
Placekicker Mirro Roder was cut after missing three field goals in the first two games , in both of which the Buccaneers were shut out , giving their offense the nickname “ Zero Gang ” , which stuck with them through a total of eleven shutouts before their first victory as a franchise .
Though the Broncos won the game , they did not cover ( winning only 35 – 19 ) leaving Pittsburgh with the largest point spread covered by a favourite .
Unlike Tunisia or Egypt , Libya was largely religiously homogenous and had no strong Islamist movement , but there was widespread dissatisfaction with the corruption and entrenched systems of patronage , while unemployment had reached around 30 % .
A video appears to picture Gaddafi being poked or stabbed in the rear end " with some kind of stick or knife " or possibly a bayonet .
Dangerous goods to be carried internationally in road vehicles must comply with standards for the packaging and labelling of the dangerous goods , and appropriate construction and operating standards for the vehicles and crew .
 All loads above the threshold must comply with the full requirements of ADR .
 Cylinders containing gases other than air or medical oxygen must have a transparent adhesive label stuck on below the shoulder with the word NITROX or TRIMIX in green and the composition of the gas listed .
There are monuments to him around the world , beginning with the Kościuszko Mound at Kraków , erected in 1820 – 23 by men , women , and children bringing earth from the battlefields where he had fought .
The installation is presented in an appropriate setting , with representations of plants that existed during the Mesozoic Era .
It 's got color , good @-@ looking stars with baddies to boot and loads of song and dance executed with a finesse that only Indian film industry can .
The point spread for the game was relatively constant , with spread bettors favoring Georgia Tech by a single point .
 I beseech you , Holy Spirit of the Father and Son : for when the holy throng re @-@ echoes its songs , may I then with humble voice be able to ascend quickly as I leave the grave , bearing then the holy prayers of the saints who already have scorned this present world of dust with their learned outpourings , and may I fearlessly be able to pour out my glorious song to the triune ( God ) .
Along with James and David Livingston , this was the first time in the history of the Boat Race that two pairs of brothers would be racing against one another .
According to music journalist Jeff Apter , the song " Knock Me Down " was " clearly the most important track the band had ever laid down ; it proved that these Peppers were more than knuckleheads with socks hanging off their cocks . "
Wrapping up with the aptly titled and truly punked @-@ out ' Punk Rock Classic ' and the band 's own punched @-@ up tribute to ' Magic Johnson ' , Mother 's Milk was everything the band had hoped for , and a little more besides . "
To encourage bitterns to breed , the reed beds have been improved to make them wetter , and the lagoon has been stocked with the common rudd .
These problems were addressed by managing water levels and excavating some of the reed bed to create open , reed @-@ fringed pools , and stocking the lagoon with the common rudd ; breeding recommenced in 2004 .
 The saltmarsh contains glassworts and common cord grass in the most exposed regions , with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established : first sea aster , then mainly sea lavender , with sea purslane in the creeks and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants .
All of Britain 's daily newspapers covered the shootings the following morning , several of which cited the size of the alleged car bomb as 500 pounds ( 230 kg ) and claimed that it was " packed with shrapnel " .
She was meticulously clean , scrubbing her cedar floors with bleach so that they shone white .
Langley spoke first ; the hearing room was packed with journalists and onlookers who were reportedly mesmerized by her statement .
The outer wall opens to the midground , with a patch of grass and plants , and has a view of a river or inlet .
They are built up with brush and ink , with the most attention given to the outlines of the figures and draperies .
Presiding over the house is the speaker , whose chair is behind a desk in the center with a plaster and paint version of the state coat of arms .
And not only that , because it 's an emotional situation for her , and she doesn 't totally understand what 's going on , and because it was tied to all this dark , Hydra stuff , and stuff with her father , and Raina – it might not sit well .
 To reflect the darker tone of the second season , the standard orchestra was changed from season one , with the low brass and strings expanded , and the woodwind section reduced , " giving [ the orchestra ] added punch and menace . "
The Marquis of Argyll was imprisoned here in 1661 , when King Charles II settled old scores with his enemies following his return to the throne .
He said of D 'Onofio 's character : “ The brilliant thing they did in this episode , the thing that stuck with me , was this guy ’ s an asshole , the guy really is unpleasant , and yet at the end ( you ) still feel his humanity . "
The Democrats refused to co @-@ operate with Governor Seward except on the most urgent matters , and he initially found himself unable to advance much of his agenda .
With Seward 's encouragement , the New York legislature passed acts in 1840 protecting the rights of African Americans against Southern slave @-@ catchers .
Although the Van Buren administration had agreed with Seward that McLeod should be tried under state law , its successor did not , and urged that charges against McLeod be dropped .
Chase was impressed with Seward , writing that the former New York governor " was one of the very first public men in our country .
Many in the Midwest did not want the issue of slavery to dominate the campaign , and with Seward as nominee , it inevitably would .
In any event , vigorous policies were needed and the president must either establish them himself or allow a Cabinet member to , with Seward making it clear he was willing to do it .
Lincoln drafted a reply indicating that whatever policy was adopted , " I must do it " , though he never sent it , but met with Seward instead , and what passed between them is not known .
The night before the speech , Lincoln met with Seward .
Administration forces turned back Dickinson 's bid , nominating instead Military Governor of Tennessee Andrew Johnson , with whom Seward had served in the Senate .
They met with Lincoln and Seward at the Hampton Roads Conference the following month .
 Almost simultaneously with the attack on Seward , Booth had mortally wounded Lincoln at Ford 's Theatre .
 Unlike Lincoln , who had a close rapport with Seward , Johnson kept his own counsel , and generally did not take advantage of Seward 's political advice as Congress prepared to meet in December 1865 .
With Seward 's support , Johnson vetoed the bill .
 There was mayhem outside the court premises with large crowds gathering around restively and camera crews waiting to capture the trouble .
Both Elizabeth and the Governor sailed from England to the Caribbean eight years prior to Curse of the Black Pearl , along with then Lieutenant James Norrington , presumably when Swann assumed the governor 's post .
With the shoot only wrapping up four months before release , Verbinski spent 18 @-@ hour days on the edit , while at the same time spending time on 600 effects shots , 250 of which were merely removing modern sailboats from shots .
 That changed at midnight on Sunday , 18 March 1944 , with the invasion of Hungary by Nazi Germany , and the arrival in Budapest of SS @-@ Obersturmbannführer Adolf Eichmann to oversee the deportation of the country 's Jews .
 Eliezer and his family are crammed into a closed cattle wagon with 80 others .
The various weather scenes blended together stock footage of real natural disasters with the computer @-@ generated shots , with care taken to match up the details of the various scenes .
Hindman arrived in San Antonio and settled there with his family for the time being .
The actors were lightly sprayed with water to give them a sweaty , glistening appearance , while post @-@ editing was done on the sprites afterward to highlight flesh tones and improve the visibility of muscles , which Tobias felt set the series apart from similar games using digitized graphics .
The sky had been enlivened ... with a crowd of small white @-@ cloud like forms suggesting the presence of a cohort of angels . "
Infrared reflectography found a base layer of paint overlaid with hatching and fine brush strokes on an additional layer .
 Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) admits to Kenneth she once took a low @-@ volume shower with actor Ed Begley , Jr .
Observations with the Infrared Space Observatory ( ISO ) indicated infrared emission from 13 galaxies visible in the optical images , attributed to large quantities of dust associated with intense star formation .
Submillimeter observations of the field have been made with SCUBA on the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope , initially detecting 5 sources , although with very low resolution .
 The landscaped temple grounds contain tropical gardens , with plants such as hibiscus , Brazilian plume , birds of paradise , lantana , red ginger , bougainvillea , plumeria , Ixora , and others .
@ 5 million Sands Hotel , an exotic @-@ looking terracotta red @-@ painted modern hotel with a prominent porte cochere at the front , surrounded by a zig @-@ zag wall ornamented with tiled planters .
The hotel is arguably most associated with its 56 feet ( 17 m ) high sign , made iconic with photographs of the Rat Pack standing underneath it .
Black Osprey , loaded with a cargo of steel , joined convoy HX 107 that sailed from that port for Liverpool on 3 February .
Some Coos County officials were dissatisfied with the settlement , however , stating that it should have instead been paid to local business owners who were negatively impacted by the closure of the beach .
This did not prevent him travelling to Washington , where he dined at the White House with President James K. Polk .
He therefore entered into a coded negotiation with James VI of Scotland , who had a strong but unrecognised claim .
At her funeral on 28 April , the coffin was taken to Westminster Abbey on a hearse drawn by four horses hung with black velvet .
Six parterres were designed on three terraced levels facing the mansion , planted with roses , peonies , and seasonal flowers .
By the mid @-@ 19th century , the Hampton estate had one of the most extensive collections of citrus trees in the U.S. , along with various exotic trees and plants gathered by Eliza Ridgely during her frequent travels to Europe and the Orient .
She had one section of the garden planted with colorful red , yellow , pink , and maroon coleus from Asia .
The giant lemurs likely filled ecological niches now left vacant , particularly seed dispersal for plants with large seeds .
Today , leaf @-@ eating along with seed predation is only seen in mid @-@ sized lemurs , and is far less common than it was in the past .
Lemur diversity is tightly linked with plant diversity , which in turn decreases with increased forest fragmentation .
Even though the giant lemurs have disappeared from these locations , while the smaller species survive in the forest patches that remain , the subfossil remains indicate that the living species used to be more widespread and coexisted with the extinct species .
By that date , the Central Highlands ' forests were mostly gone , with the exception of scattered forest fragments and strips .
 Although Nepenthes rajah is most famous for trapping and digesting animals , its pitchers are also host to a large number of other organisms , which are thought to form a mutually beneficial ( symbiotic ) association with the plant .
This contrasts with all other parts of the plant , which are yellow @-@ green .
 Most of the species in this clade are large plants with petiolate leaves , an indumentum of coarse reddish @-@ brown hairs , raceme @-@ like inflorescence , and funnel @-@ shaped ( infundibulate ) upper pitchers .
first suggested a link between chemical properties and certain morphological groupings , based on the theory that morphologically similar plants produce chemical constituents with similar therapeutic effects .
N. × alisaputrana more closely resembles N. rajah than N. burbidgeae , but it is difficult to confuse this plant with either .
After two sub @-@ 10 clockings in the preliminary rounds , Gay reached the final , along with Jamaicans Bolt and Powell .
So we 're sticking with the black and white cardboard . "
It carries a stuttering beat , which is accompanied by a slow @-@ rolling and heavy bass @-@ pumping groove with a jerky rhythm .
In one scene , Beyoncé is seen dancing robotically in front of a set of gold @-@ tinted mannequins ; while in another , she dances against a wall with two large chains hanging from the ceiling .
The Chilean Navy had cultivated extensive ties with the United Kingdom 's Royal Navy since the 1830s , when Chilean naval officers were given places on British ships to receive training and experience they could bring back to their country .
Altrincham Sewage Farm ( visible on the above map ) was used to flood the surrounding fields with sewage water .
He has been stating that he was hoping that he could work with Jamie xx , while in the United Kingdom , saying that he wants him to " have a bigger presence on my third record " .
Nick Catucci of Entertainment Weekly also named it the second best album of 2013 saying , " When he gets to flexin ' — as on " Worst Behavior , " with its Rube Goldberg underpinnings ; the MC smackdown " The Language " ; and the hypnotic " Started From the Bottom " — he 's flawlessly confident .
The project 's large scale prompted 3ality Digital to work with director James Cameron — their chief competitor at the time .
 West Alsek was selected for a test program by the addition of coal pulverizers — units that crushed coal and mixed it with air for injection into the boilers .
This dust would then be mixed with air and automatically injected into the boilers without the need for hand @-@ feeding .
It starts ten days after the heart transplant with his anticipated hospital release .
The race was marked by an airborne accident going into the first corner involving Michael Schumacher and Luciano Burti for Prost , which caused the track to be scattered with shreds of carbon fibre and the race restarted as a result .
 Prior to Suharto 's " New Order " administration , the Torajan economy was based on agriculture , with cultivated wet rice in terraced fields on mountain slopes , and supplemental cassava and maize crops .
It features a powerful symphonic orchestra with strings , woodwinds and trumpets .
The expert ruled that the " paper stock was consistent with the time that card would have been made . "
Betsy Beers , Mark Gordon , Mark Wilding , and Rob Corn returned as executive producers , along with James D. Parriott , Peter Horton , and Krista Vernoff , who have been in this position since the inception of the series .
Minogue co @-@ wrote the track with James Dean Bradfield and Sean More while Bradfield and Dave Eringa produced it .
She also felt guilt for parting with Stock Aitken Waterman after her production team with Deconstruction was not in good terms ; she later commented that she departed on " good terms " .
Roache said , " Each episode has been carefully crafted and injected with humour , warmth and drama .
Unable to muster the votes to remove the hostile justices on the Court of Appeals , Relief partisans in the General Assembly passed legislation to abolish the entire court and create a new one , which Governor Desha promptly stocked with sympathetic judges .
As a member of the Storting 's deputation to Sweden , Knudtzon travelled with his father to Stockholm in the autumn of the same year .
 The development plans ensured that River Oaks 's parks and esplanades were planted with oaks , shrubs , azaleas and other flowers .
Anthony Thornton of NME stated , " Despite being an album packed with as much drama as the band themselves have suffered , it 'll be the pop anthems you come back for and fortunately there 's enough here to keep even the soap addicts happy . "
It was originally to be crowned with a pileus , the cap given to emancipated slaves in ancient Rome .
Compared with a gaseous diffusion plant or a nuclear reactor , an electromagnetic separation plant would consume more scarce materials , require more manpower to operate , and cost more to build .
A group of Turkish Janissaries with three packs of gold shouted at him to stop ploughing the highway .
In the 1884 presidential election , Logan unsuccessfully ran with Senator James G. Blaine as his vice presidential candidate , narrowly losing the race .
On Logan 's proper right is a map spread on a table with three of the officers studying it .
Skelton , who was interested in all forms of acting , took a dramatic role with the John Lawrence stock theater company , but was unable to deliver his lines in a serious manner ; the audience laughed instead .
He then spent their fifty cents on bars of soap , which they cut into small cubes and wrapped with the tinfoil from the cigarette packs .
Khedira himself scored in the 29th minute after exchanging passes with Mesut Özil .
Two of them who had fired directly into the crowd were charged with murder but were convicted only of manslaughter .
The British schooner Dartmouth , loaded with tea to be traded subject to the new tea tax , had previously dropped anchor .
 The Massachusetts Constitution of that year , to which Adams was a primary contributor , structured its government closely on his views of politics and society ; in 1779 , he drafted the document together with Samuel Adams and James Bowdoin .
Souness did not make Milner a regular in the Newcastle side and controversially remarked that the club would not win " with a team of James Milners " .
The song initially came out of a jam session Thayil had with Seattle musician Greg Gilmore .
Levels of treatment vary widely , from rudimentary systems with coarse screening or settling followed by disinfection ( usually chlorination ) , to more sophisticated systems using a filtration step .
These components can become jammed with fine grained ash causing them to cease working ; however , most can be restored to working order by cleaning with compressed air .
Problems associated with ash loading are similar to that of snow ; however , ash is more severe as 1 ) the load from ash is generally much greater , 2 ) ash does not melt and 3 ) ash can clog and damage gutters , especially after rain fall .
Ash can be moistened ( but not saturated ) by sprinkling with water , to prevent remobilisation of ash and to aid clean @-@ up .
It is classified in the series Abietinae , a group of several species of shrubs with small round or oval inflorescences .
 Banksia scabrella grows as a low shrub to 2 m ( 7 ft ) in height and 3 m ( 10 ft ) across , with a spreading habit .
 Mobile Suit Gundam SEED was widely popular with the public in Japan , winning numerous awards , with high sales of the series DVD and music .
 Gilbert , who wrote the words , created fanciful " topsy @-@ turvy " worlds for these operas where each absurdity is taken to its logical conclusion — fairies rub elbows with British lords , flirting is a capital offence , gondoliers ascend to the monarchy , and pirates emerge as noblemen who have gone astray .
 Bokhary 's first brush with the police was in the early hours of 24 June 2001 , when the manager of a bar in Central district of Hong Kong reported to police that she was causing a disturbance .
 Wet prairies are slightly elevated like sawgrass marshes , but with greater plant diversity .
They made a living by hunting and trading with white settlers , and raised domesticated animals .
Some astronomers also classify centaurs as inward @-@ scattered Kuiper belt objects along with the outward @-@ scattered residents of the scattered disc .
 In botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
In some usages , the definition of a tree may be narrower , including only woody plants with secondary growth , plants that are usable as lumber or plants above a specified height .
In its broadest sense , a tree is any plant with the general form of an elongated stem , or trunk , which supports the photosynthetic leaves or branches at some distance above the ground .
Trees are also typically defined by height , with smaller plants from 0 @.
Large tree @-@ like plants with lignified trunks in the Pteridophyta , Arecales , Cycadophyta and Poales such as the tree ferns , palms , cycads and bamboos have no true bark , but they do have an outer protective covering of some form .
Ash trees and maples have larger seeds with blade shaped wings which spiral down to the ground when released .
Mangroves often grow in water and some species have propagules , which are buoyant fruits with seeds that start germinating before becoming detached from the parent tree .
An area of woodland composed primarily of trees established by planting or artificial seeding is known as a plantation and an area of land planted with fruit or nut trees is an orchard .
 The Enquiry into Plants ( along with the Causes of Plants ) was first translated into Latin by Theodore Gaza by 1454 , circulated in manuscript , and then published at Treviso in 1483 .
Plants with bulbs grow from those .
He mentions that the philosophers spoke of spontaneous generation , as when Anaxagoras claims the air contains the seeds of every plant , whereas Diogenes believed plants arose when water mixed with earth .
Similarly the idea that you must mark three circles around a mandrake plant with a sword , and speak of the mysteries of love while cutting it , is just far @-@ fetched .
The science of botany was founded as these scholars engaged with the accounts of plants , and especially of their medicinal uses , together with a newly critical reaction to mediaeval pharmacology , which was based on unthinking acceptance of the Natural History of Pliny the Elder and the De Materia Medica of Dioscorides .
 The Chicago Botanic Garden describes Historia Plantarum as the " first great botanical work " of Theophrastus , " the first real botanist " ; it states of the 1483 edition printed by Bartolomeo Confalonieri in Treviso that " all taxonomy of plants starts with this modest book " , centuries before the modern taxonomy of Linnaeus .
She started acting with campus clubs and summer stock theatre .
Her superstructure was removed and replaced by a flight deck with a hangar for her aircraft below .
The ship was designed with a single hangar 124 meters ( 406 ft 10 in ) long and 18 meters ( 59 ft ) wide .
He is usually working or hanging out with Lem , who works with him on almost every project .
Three years later in January 2006 both the firetruck and fencing were removed , with plans to replacement with " neat , fun , and attractive play equipment with rubberized matting . "
The story would be of an entire world complete with an ecosystem of phantasmagorical plants and creatures , and native people with a rich culture and language .
Three different versions of the film are present on the discs : the original theatrical cut , the special edition cut , and a collector 's extended cut ( with the DVD set spreading them on two discs , but the Blu @-@ ray set presenting them on a single disc ) .
The creek downstream from the bridge , as well as Spring Creek , have been designated as approved trout waters by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission and are stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season .
 Beginning with the first settlers , much of the land along White Deer Hole Creek was slowly cleared of timber .
Construction of the plant involved some 10 @,@ 000 people , and it took 3 @,@ 500 to 4 @,@ 500 employees to run the plant with its more than 200 buildings and 149 storage bunkers for TNT and high explosives , as well as storage racks of bombs .
 The set design for the entrance stage was at the north end of the stadium and consisted of another steel structure with various video screens hanging from it .
Hornswoggle also got involved during the match by hitting JBL with a kendo stick , while later on JBL threw a trash can at him .
Attacking Finlay 's knee with a kendo stick , JBL delivered a Clothesline from Hell to Finlay to score a successful pinfall .
Six AGM @-@ 129 ACM cruise missiles , each loaded with a W80 @-@ 1 variable yield nuclear warhead , were mistakenly loaded onto a United States Air Force ( USAF ) B @-@ 52H heavy bomber at Minot Air Force Base and transported to Barksdale Air Force Base .
After taking eight hours to attach the pylons to the aircraft , the aircraft with the missiles loaded then remained parked overnight at Minot for 15 hours without special guard as required for nuclear weapons .
 On the morning of 30 August , one of the transport aircraft 's flight officers , a Barksdale @-@ assigned B @-@ 52 instructor radar navigator closely inspected the six missiles on the right wing only , which were all properly loaded with training warheads .
On July 10 , 2010 , Bosh officially completed a sign @-@ and @-@ trade deal with the Miami Heat , teaming up with Wade and James .
 On July 30 , 2014 , Bosh re @-@ signed with the Heat after LeBron James announced he was leaving Miami to sign with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Such examples include the January 5th 2012 game tying three pointer against the Hawks in Atlanta with both James and Wade out , and a game winning three pointer on March 31 , 2013 against the Spurs , also without James and Wade .
@ 5 seconds left against the Portland Trail Blazers with James sidelined .
The episode was the final one of season one to be completed , with production wrapping ten months after it began on " Encounter at Farpoint " .
 East of the rail crossing , I @-@ 696 has a four @-@ level stack interchange with I @-@ 75 over the quadripoint for Royal Oak , Madison Heights , Hazel Park and Ferndale .
Edward showered Wallis with money and jewels , and in February 1935 , and again later in the year , he holidayed with her in Europe .
 Recording for U2 's twelfth album , No Line on the Horizon , began with producer Rick Rubin in 2006 , but the sessions were short @-@ lived and the material was shelved .
 The club badge is the town crest of Sudbury , which incorporates a talbot dog with its tongue sticking out .
Other traditions claimed that the mound covered a palace filled with treasure , or six silver bells from Thetford Priory .
 At the Paris Peace Conference following the conclusion of World War I , the Entente Powers signed the Treaty of Trianon with Hungary after the breakup of Austria @-@ Hungary .
The battalion 's aircraft consisted of five Italian @-@ made Savoia @-@ Marchetti SM.75 transport aircraft formerly with the civilian airline MALERT , but pressed into service with the Royal Hungarian Air Force ( Hungarian : Magyar Királyi Honvéd Légierő , MKHL ) at the start of the European war .
These hyphae are smooth or covered with scattered , warty or finger @-@ like thin @-@ walled brownish diverticulae .
Production wrapped with the crematorium sequence , on 13 August 1971 .
According to Danny Peary , Diamonds are Forever is " one of the most forgettable movies of the entire Bond series " and that " until Blofeld 's reappearance we must watch what is no better than a mundane diamond @-@ smuggling melodrama , without the spectacle we associate with James Bond : the Las Vegas setting isn 't exotic enough , there 's little humour , assassins Mr. Kidd and Mr. Wint are similar to characters you 'd find on The Avengers , but not nearly as amusing – and the trouble Bond gets into , even Maxwell Smart could escape . "
She was especially taken with " his beautiful Mediterranean bay , his tables spread with white cloths and bright fruit " and the way that " pitchers and jugs and bottles of wine could be seen far down the street . "
 Inside : This final segment opens with shots of Donovan showering , toweling off and wandering idly around his room , intercut with shots of African @-@ American telephone repairman Tommy Moore checking various poles and lines outside , Donovan spots Moore from his balcony .
Patterson from " Generation Kill " toting around a futuristic @-@ looking ray gun and a retro @-@ looking mind @-@ reading machine , Walter casually injecting whatsername with a sedative — that I think I 'll be sticking around for a bit ...
The ship was also overloaded with ballast to make the ship ride lower in the water to match the profile of the real Tiger .
This , along with his handling of the economy and the civil service — now widely perceived as overloaded with Dutch imports — caused opposition to grow .
 A congratulatory telegram to Kruger from Kaiser Wilhelm II on 3 January prompted a storm of anti @-@ Boer and anti @-@ German feeling in Britain , with Jameson becoming lionised as a result .
The gun was bundled with a pack @-@ in six @-@ game cartridge of mostly shooting gallery games .
New historical units were included with the expansion pack , such as the huskarls .
The edition included patched versions of Shogun : Total War , Medieval : Total War and Rome : Total War , together with their expansion packs , a documentary detailing the creation of the game series , and Total War memorabilia .
As Richard 's interest shifted to filmmaking , he passed leadership of the band to younger brother Danny Elfman , who had begun to lose interest in musical theatre , and had gained interest in other musical styles such as ska , and had become " sick of lugging around so much stuff with the theatre troupe .
The Smoking Man tells Mulder that colonization will begin once Cassandra is handed over and that Mulder will be able to see his sister again , providing him with an address to the hangar where the Syndicate members will be meeting the colonists .
Sensing that war would soon begin , Pius tried to convince Giovanni Orsini , Ferdinand 's main rival , to settle his differences with the King .
 Seeing that their fortunes were dwindling , Ferdinand 's rivals tried to settle for peace with Francisco Sforza .
Saeed Saeed of The National praised Madonna for " re @-@ emerging once again triumphant in rock star mode , " during the performance Kat Keogh of Birmingham Mail described that " The crowd was awash with a sea of camera phones as Madge grabbed a guitar for Nicki Minaj duet ' I Don ’ t Give A ' . "
 The Love version has the song starting with Lennon 's intro of " sugar plum fairy " , with the strings being more prominent during the crescendos .
It is adjacent to the East Polden Grasslands which has typical examples of species @-@ rich , unimproved , calcareous grassland with scrub and amongst the many plant species found in this habitat is the early gentian ( Gentianella anglica ) , which is endemic to Britain .
One KPMG representative later described the office as " an ungodly mess in terms of records " with ten years of material piled up in a closet .
 Despite heavy loss of form , which also saw the team fall outside the top ten in the FIFA rankings , Croatia were placed in the top tier of teams for the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying draw ; Croatia was previously a candidate to co @-@ host the tournament with Hungary which would have allowed the team to qualify automatically , but UEFA eventually chose Poland and Ukraine as hosts instead .
The HNS raised an unsuccessful joint bid with the Hungarian Football Federation to co @-@ host the 2012 tournament , which was awarded instead to Poland and Ukraine .
Kerrigan is rarely seen out of her armor , a form @-@ fitting hostile environment suit specifically designed for Ghost operatives and equipped with a personal cloaking device , but when off @-@ duty , she is described as wearing a soft work shirt , worn cotton pants with a dusty leather jacket , and high leather boots .
Along with the two thematical polarities , the album deals also with tricky relationships and hunger for fame , as showcased by the Western @-@ sounding " Nettiin " , which starts with a banjo and a bass and is literally about naked pictures , taken and publicized by an ex @-@ boyfriend , and paratextually about the line between privacy and publicity .
He and Sephiroth learn that both Angeal and Genesis were the result of a Shinra experiment called " Project G " , where they were injected with Jenova cells prior to being born in an effort to create perfect SOLDIERs .
Four years pass , Zack and Cloud are able to escape , and Zack learns that Genesis has come to believe the only way he can be cured is by being injected with Sephiroth 's cells .
The harsh conditions that Heaphy had experienced during his travels , left him disillusioned with the potential prospects for settlements , along the West Coast region .
The two became friendly and Hochstetter was impressed with Heaphy 's bush skills , although privately did not accord him much respect for his scientific knowledge .
When Hochstetter left for Europe later in the year , he took with him many examples of Heaphy 's artwork .
They hoped the warmer climate would help with Heaphy 's health but Heaphy died on 3 August 1881 .
Under pressure from her domineering mother , Pier breaks off her relationship with James and marries Vic Damone .
He helped me tremendously with James 's physical mannerisms , " Franco reflected . "
Halliday owned a prosperous cotton plantation in Arkansas in addition to several thousand cultivated acres not connected with the model town .
Long before two o ’ clock the crowds commenced to gather and when the services began the parlors and halfway were crowded with people and numbers could not get upstairs but waited in the office or outside on the street .
During his time with the White Stockings , he pitched in seven games , all of which he started and completed .
The ancestral tabanids may have co @-@ evolved with the angiosperm plants on which they fed .
The first turf , which had been transported from County Donegal , was laid by Irish patriot Michael Davitt and planted with shamrocks .
In his experiments , Richet injected a dog with sea anemone ( Actinia ) toxin in an attempt to protect it .
In response , von Herff broke contact with the British ; his plan was to join up with Cramer 's Panzer Regiment 8 to mount a concentrated counter @-@ attack the following morning .
While the recently promised Prince Joffrey ( Jack Gleeson ) and Sansa Stark ( Sophie Turner ) are walking along the river , they run into Arya sparring with sticks with her friend , a butcher 's boy named Mycah ( Rhodri Hosking ) .
Adams soon became closely associated with James Otis , Jr .
With James Otis attending the Stamp Act Congress in New York City , Adams was the primary author of a series of House resolutions against the Stamp Act , which were more radical than those passed by the Stamp Act Congress .
Adams was appointed to a three @-@ man drafting committee with his cousin John Adams and James Bowdoin .
The walls were built in local red sandstone with ashlar faces and a rubble and mortar core .
Close to the walled garden is a Grade II listed ice house , probably dating from the 18th century , which is constructed in brick covered with a mound of earth .
The Browns led all of football during the undefeated season in 1948 with an average crowd of 45 @,@ 517 , but that was more than 10 @,@ 000 less than the average per game the previous year .
The NFL then conducted an expansion draft the following month to stock the new Browns team with players .
His style was described as " quiet , reserved and gentlemanly , " but he said he wanted to stock the team with tough , physical players .
As the highway heads away from the village center , the homes become scattered ahead of intersections with the eastern terminus of County Route 5A ( CR 5A , named Salt Rising Road ) and the south end of CR 40 ( Deans Flat Road ) .
It 's hard to stop running with the crowd , even for a trendsetter .
The composition then enters an instrumental passage and finishes off with a sweeping string arrangement .
Horses may shod with keg shoes or performance stacks ; flat @-@ shod classes are particularly popular among amateur owners who train their own horses .
In 1849 , the cemetery was fenced in and Morgan describes it as " presently exemplifies the " rural cemetery " tradition of the nineteenth century with meandering drives and natural landscape planting . "
It stuck with me how reliant you are on this little piece of material between your ears and what it tells you is real is what you think is real .
And I think I had a lot of stuff I was still playing with when Lone Star went down .
It 's also beautifully acted and written , packed with genuinely vexing questions about grief and dreaming , and — of all things — thoughtful . "
Throughout 1989 and 1990 , Stan Lee and Chris Claremont were in discussions with Carolco Pictures for an X @-@ Men film adaptation , with James Cameron as producer and Kathryn Bigelow directing .
The Australians then defeated Warwickshire by nine wickets , before drawing with Lancashire , who hung on with three wickets in hand on the final day .
The production was described by IGN as having a " Middle Eastern tinge " with synthesized strings that " unleash a darkly atonal whirl that sounds too much like something either Timbaland or The Neptunes or Mannie Fresh have concocted " .
Entertainment Weekly wrote that it was an " appealing throwaway single " and lyrics such as " after you work up a sweat , you can play with the stick " are not seductions ; " they 're orders " .
He came to the mound with his team trailing 5 – 4 , ended the inning by striking out a batter , and in the next half @-@ inning stole home as the lead runner in a triple steal .
With the bases loaded , he tied for second in the National League in grand slams ( 2 ) , and tied for fourth in RBIs ( 17 ) .
 In 1887 , Rae travelled to France and settled in Paris with her mother Janet and sister Alison .
Impotent unless making love with a loaded gun , the young man shoots an American G.I.
 The novel 's final book begins with a group of settlers in southern France who call themselves the " Snakes " ( " Die Schlangen " ) .
As the traumatized remnants of the Iceland expedition come into contact with the settlers , a new type of society comes into existence , marked by a reconciled relationship to nature and egalitarian social relations .
I 'm as sorry as anybody that it 's stuck with me . "
On 27 June 1922 , Siboney — freshly returned from Havana with a load of pineapples — was raided by United States Customs Service inspectors who seized 300 bottles of smuggled liquor on board .
This repeat suggests a mechanism for the evolution of the relationship with the plant @-@ specific insert ( PSI ) .
Nick Balaban , who wrote the music for the show along with Michael Rubin , was cast as the voice of Mr. Salt .
 Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine commented that " ' Bad Romance ' and ' Dance in the Dark ' are stacked with towering new @-@ wave synths and seemingly endless hooks ; if melodies could be time @-@ stamped , these would have " ' 80s " branded on their asses .
 Hōshō was the only Japanese aircraft carrier with two hangars .
He contacts Watts , divulging the results of his tests — they were injected with a vaccine while quarantined .
This was controversial among the politicians , and many councilors voted in support of the originally @-@ planned decentralized plan , with the venues spread out through the municipality .
The ant Allomerus decemarticulatus has evolved a three @-@ way association with the host plant , Hirtella physophora ( Chrysobalanaceae ) , and a sticky fungus which is used to trap their insect prey .
 Lemon ants make devil 's gardens by killing surrounding plants with their stings and leaving a pure patch of lemon ant trees , ( Duroia hirsuta ) .
Roger Ebert gave the film a positive review , giving it 3 stars out of a possible 4 , writing : " It 's goofy fun with a lot of stuff that blows up real good , and it has the grace not only to realize how preposterous it is , but to make that into an asset . "
 Similar to the One M8 , the phone is constructed of a unibody aluminum frame with brushed metal backing .
Yuji Naka , Sega 's executive managing director , announced the game at Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) 2004 , along with Project Rub .
After making intermediate stops in Baltimore and Hampton Roads , she sailed for Halifax with a load of scrap iron on 17 July , reaching her destination three days later .
Bill Lamb of About.com ranked " ... Baby One More Time " at number one on a compiled list with the Top 40 Pop Songs Of All Time .
The streets of Porto were crowded with people gathered to witness her funeral procession .
A crop of seeds is generally produced every year with a bumper crop often occurring every second year .
Trees growing in a Zone 9 or 10 area such as Florida will usually die from cold damage if transferred up north , Canada , Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York , even if the southern trees were planted with northern red maples .
When Negus had been training as a surgeon , laryngology , rhinology and otology had been part of general surgery , but this was changing with the advent of ENT ( ear , nose and throat ) medicine as a combined and specialised discipline .
Cartman then coldly informs Stan that they do not want to hang out with him anymore and leaves with Kenny .
 In December 2011 Time magazine ranked the episode at # 7 in its list of Top 10 TV Episodes of 2011 , with James Poniewozik commenting , " With no easy wrap @-@ up to Stan 's depression and ending with an entirely unironic montage set to ' Landslide ' , South Park showed that it too can grow up — if , thankfully , not by much . "
Maxwell 's Urban Hang Suite closes with the instrumental track " The Suite Theme " .
On Maxwell 's emergence with Urban Hang Suite , writer Carol Brennan cited him , along with the Fugees , D 'Angelo and Tony Rich , as neo soul musicians that " exhibited the identifying characteristics of this new breed of R & B artists : lyrics that give voice to intense personal expression , creative control over the music , and a unexpectedly successful debut . "
 Though 92 % of Bahrain is desert with periodic droughts and dust storms , the main natural hazards for Bahrainis .
 Set some time between Kankō 5 , 10th month , 13th day and the morning of 16th day ( November 13 to 16 , 1008 ) , this scene begins with a description of planting chrysanthemums at Michinaga 's mansion in preparation for the Emperor 's visit .
 Between the release of Rocks and Honey and Wings in 2005 , Tyler had released a number of compilations including Best Of 3 CD with Stick Music , her previous record company .
News ) agreed that " although Tyler herself was on form , singing beautifully and rousing the crowd with her podiumed finale , " Believe in Me " was simply not good enough as a song " .
 That fall , the fourteen @-@ year @-@ old Tatiana experienced her first brush with violence when she witnessed the assassination of the government minister Pyotr Stolypin during a performance at the Kiev Opera House .
The sailor Nagorny , who attended to Alexei Nikolaevitch , passed my window carrying the sick boy in his arms , behind him came the Grand Duchesses loaded with valises and small personal belongings .
He was among the nominees for the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year , with Jamaican athlete Usain Bolt taking the prize .
Modern historians consider this claim to be dubious , derived from rumours spread by the Birkebeiner in connection with the sudden death of Haakon Sverresson some months earlier .
The Chiefs ' interleague match @-@ up with the Packers was not the last time that they would face an NFL opponent , especially on the championship stage .
Forensic taphonomy is the study of these postmortem changes to human remains caused by soil , water , and the interaction with plants , insects , and other animals .
From his base on Guadeloupe , he dealt largely with many of the refugee planters who escaped the previous years ' carnage .
Friedenberg compared Goodman with prominent educationist James Conant , whom Friedenberg considered less competent in understanding the conditions of learning .
Liverpool replaced Michael Thomas with Jamie Redknapp and Dominic Matteo with Rob Jones .
British troops set up a cordon around the town to aid the US attack and also began an advance with Afghan troops from the south , west , and east , exchanging gunfire with the Taliban .
An Albacore spotted the leading Italian ships the next morning ; a strike force of six Albacores was loaded with torpedoes and began to attack the Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto .
The dockyard there fitted her with more permanent accommodations in the hangar for more trooping duties and she loaded 480 personnel before departing for Sydney on 2 March .
Nath 's views and prolific work won out and he is credited with cultivating modern Khmer @-@ language identity and culture , overseeing the translation of the entire Pali Buddhist canon into Khmer .
 Since influenza spreads through both aerosols and contact with contaminated surfaces , surface sanitizing may help prevent some infections .
Air quality is improved as the plants absorb carbon dioxide with concomitant production of oxygen .
Credits associated with reflective roofing or planted roofs can help a building achieve LEED certification .
Jeff denies involvement in Mauer 's disappearance and succeeds in reaching his gun , but when he ( still bound to the chair ) attacks Hayley , she renders him unconscious by asphyxiating him with plastic wrap .
 Henry Gerber emigrated from Germany in 1913 , settling with his family in Chicago because of its large German @-@ speaking population .
Regular cleanings , usually done by dentists and dental hygienists , remove tartar ( mineralized plaque ) that may develop even with careful brushing and flossing .
A user without disabilities , with proper training in manual brushing , and with good motivation , can achieve standards of oral hygiene at least as satisfactory as the best electric brushes , but untrained users rarely achieve anything of the kind .
They are rendered with a brush , and amongst the simplest and sparsest in his body of work .
It carried debris , trees , and rocks , forming a temporary dam along the Choluteca River laden with sewage .
In Tegucigalpa , where the Choluteca River was dammed by a landslide , a temporary lagoon filled with sewage persisted for about two months , until a crew from the United States Army Corps of Engineers and United States Geological Survey dug a channel to drain the water .
The sequence with the Frosty Chocolate Milkshakes in which Bart dreams what he would do with the money from the stocks is a reference to The Tracey Ullman Show shorts .
However , due to their lack of success in Preston the group were branded a " gang of notorious scoundrels " by strike leader John O 'Neil and were treated with hostility by the gathered crowds of weavers .
It is typically made by combining meat or bone stock with sautéed vegetables , which – as well as beetroots – usually include cabbage , carrots , onions , potatoes and tomatoes .
Fasting varieties are typically made with fish stock to avoid the use of meat , while purely vegetarian recipes often substitute the stock with forest mushroom broth .
The traditional technique of preparing the soup is to precook the vegetables – by sautéing , braising , boiling or baking – separately from the meat and only then to combine them with the stock .
The beetroots may be partially baked before being sprinkled with vinegar or lemon juice to preserve the color and braised separately from other vegetables .
The Lviv borscht is based on bone stock and is served with chunks of Vienna sausages .
It is made by combining strained meat @-@ and @-@ vegetable stock with wild mushroom broth and beet sour .
In this version , meat stock is either omitted or replaced with fish broth , usually made by boiling the heads cut off from fish used in other Christmas Eve dishes .
It is typically served over finely chopped beetroot , cucumbers , radishes and green onion , together with halves of a hard @-@ boiled egg and sprinkled with fresh dill .
Like beetroot borscht , it is based on meat or vegetable broth and is typically served with boiled potatoes and hard @-@ boiled eggs , sprinkled with dill .
 The Armenian version of borscht is a hot soup made with beef stock , green peppers and other vegetables , which may or may not include beetroots , and flavored with parsley and cilantro .
Simon Syrenius ( Szymon Syreński ) , a 17th @-@ century Polish botanist , described " our Polish hogweed " as a vegetable that was well known throughout Poland , Rus ' , Lithuania and Samogitia ( that is , most of the northern part of Eastern Europe ) , typically used for cooking a " tasty and graceful soup " with capon stock , eggs , sour cream and millet .
1686 , contains an instruction for making hogweed borscht mixed with poppy seeds or ground almonds .
In the 1970s , the tubes were replaced with packages of rehydratable freeze @-@ dried borscht with regular @-@ size bits of cooked vegetables .
Christmas Eve borscht is , therefore , either vegetarian or based on fish stock and is not typically mixed with sour cream .
As the game begins , Hillys is under siege by aliens called the " DomZ " , who abduct beings and either drain their life force for power or implant them with spores to convert them into slaves .
Finally in 2004 , she teamed up with Jude Law and Dustin Hoffman in David O. Russell 's ensemble comedy I Heart Huckabees .
In the comedy @-@ drama While We 're Young , Watts co @-@ starred with Ben Stiller as a New York @-@ based married couple who begin hanging out with a couple in their 20s .
Forty @-@ five notes are prepared , mostly using screws and various types of bolts , but also with fifteen pieces of rubber , four pieces of plastic , several nuts and one eraser .
The use of the soft pedal , which makes the hammers strike only two of the three strings of each note ( or one , for notes with only two strings ) , complicates the matter further .
Jerry continued to deteriorate , and later on October 8 , aircraft data indicated the system had weakened into a broad area of low pressure with scattered squalls mainly to the east of the remnant center .
 The species was originally described as a pitcher plant with close affinities to extant members of the family Sarraceniaceae .
 A single seed was found intimately associated with the fossil material of A. longicervia and is presumed to belong to the same species .
 Between 1917 and 1922 , in addition to serving as the county 's prosecuting attorney , White served as the commissioner of school lands and as one of the chancery commissioners for Hampshire County , along with Joshua Soule Zimmerman and James Sloan Kuykendall .
@ 5 metres ( 5 feet ) , with an upright or spreading habit , and narrow short leaves up to 1 centimetre ( 0 @.
@ 5 metres ( 2 1 ⁄ 4 – 5 ft ) , with an upright or spreading habit .
Menon also co @-@ wrote the script along with James Ruzicka .
The ride combines real sets and animatronics with segments that use wrap @-@ around projection screens .
Espejo gladly accepted the task because he wanted to settle accounts with Barreto and other citizens of Riobamba , among them José Miguel Vallejo , who had turned him in to the authorities when he tried to flee Requena 's expedition to the Marañón river .
In another scene , she bathes in the lake , with the help of an elephant who sprays her with water from the lake using its trunk .
James Hackett was charged with her construction and Captain James Sever served as a superintendent .
Paradox won , despite conceding thirty @-@ four pounds to Aveline , but his " brilliant " success was again met with silence from the crowd and Cloete was greeted " without a word of congratulation or the semblance of a note of enthusiasm " .
With all four of the Narragansett settlements now under one government , William Dyer was elected the General Recorder for the entire colony in 1648 .
Her work on " The Naked Now " was credited to the pseudonym J Michael Bingham , she put in a claim with the Writers Guild that she had also worked as a story editor on the series but was never paid for it , which was settled amicably with Paramount .
CityBeat 's Jac Kern , who attended the same show praised the duo for performing hard while fully using both of the two stages and interacting with the crowd .
 During Anglo @-@ Saxon England , it is assumed from toponymic evidence that the township of Crompton formed around a predominantly Anglian community with a few Norse settlers , and within the extensive Hundred of Salfordshire .
 Liddell settled in Liverpool with Phyllis and their twin sons , residing in Merseyside until his death .
Lenyadri is a deserted location , with no human settlement nearby .
 While playing as Jodie , the game mechanics include interactive objects marked with a white dot , which can be interacted with by tilting the controller stick in its direction .
It is a prickly plant with little apparent horticultural potential , and none of the varieties are commonly seen in cultivation .
 Menzies ' seed specimens were sent to England from Sydney in 1793 , but his plant material remained with him for the duration of the voyage , during which some material was lost .
A field study in jarrah forest 9 km south of Jarrahdale , where B. sessilis grows in scattered clumps , found that western wattlebirds and New Holland honeyeaters sought out groups of plants with the greatest numbers of new inflorescences , particularly those one or two days after anthesis , where nectar yield was highest .
Moreover , honeyeaters have been observed moving from tree to tree with significant loads of B. sessilis pollen on their foreheads , beaks and throats , having acquired it by brushing against pollen presenters while foraging for nectar ; experiments have shown that some of this pollen may be subsequently deposited on stigmas during later foraging .
In one study , a foliar spray containing phosphite inhibited the growth of P. cinnamomi by over 90 % in plants infected with B. sessilis two weeks after spraying , and by 66 % in plants infected one year after spraying ; yet most plants infected shortly before or after spraying were dead 100 days later , while nearly all plants infected seven months later spraying survived a further 100 days .
Along with several hundred other native Australian plants it was exhibited at plant shows held at Utrecht and Haarlem in the Netherlands in the 1840s and 1850s .
In 1965 , John Stanley Beard published Descriptive catalogue of Western Australian plants , " a work of reference in which the horticultural characteristics of the plants concerned could be looked up by the staff " , which described D. sessilis as an erect shrub with pale yellow flowers appearing from May to October , growing in sand and gravel .
Des waits for his bride @-@ to @-@ be , but a few months later , Jane phones and tells Des that she can not go through with the wedding and settles down in England with her grandmother .
Delegations ranged up to thousands of people ; if possible , delegation leaders were brought to Canton in advance to settle with McKinley what each would say .
One of the males ( Michael Jackson ) is told to go home and not to hang around with the other guys anymore .
Ground and stones and tunics spattered with blood but we still stay in front of the guns !
 With the EEF guns moved forward into captured Ottoman positions , shelling recommenced at 10 : 30 , continuing with pauses to let the dust settle until noon , when there was still some concern that the wire in front of the 74th ( Yeomanry ) Division had not been cut . "
Five minutes later , the 7th Light Horse Regiment cut the road and captured the convoy ( 47 prisoners , eight horses and eight wagons loaded with forage ) .
The saltmarsh contains European glasswort and common cord grass in the most exposed regions , with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established : first sea aster , then mainly sea lavender , with sea purslane in the creeks , and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants .
First , the Romans " articulated the phalanx , then divided it into columns , and finally split it up into a great number of small tactical bodies that were capable , now of closing together in a compact impenetrable union , now of changing the pattern with consummate flexibility , of separating one from the other and turning in this or that direction . "
The two support piers for the main trusses , each with two load @-@ bearing concrete pylons at either side of the center main span , were located on opposite banks of the river .
In October 1999 , the state embedded temperature @-@ activated nozzles in the bridge deck to spray the bridge with potassium acetate solution to keep the area free of winter black ice .
 Like in other games in the series , Sonic collects rings scattered throughout levels ; contact with certain obstacles and enemies scatters them away , and Sonic dies if he touches an enemy without any rings .
The Houston Press ' Daniel Carlson wrote that " The Moms " was " fun but lighter than air , content to string together a mild plot with a series of good jokes and callbacks . "
We really were in an amazing place , writing , jamming four to five times a week and coming up with great stuff , " recalled Heppner . "
To consolidate his hold on power , and possibly aiming to supplant the ruling Macedonian dynasty with his own family , Romanos raised his eldest son Christopher to co @-@ emperor in 921 , while the younger sons Stephen and Constantine were proclaimed co @-@ emperors in 924 .
 The [ Rotunda ] is of Alabama marble except the domed ceiling , with fluted columns and Ionic capitals [ while the Library ] is finished in carved English oak , the carving having been done in England ; the high bookcases are fitted with glass shelves and bronze sashes , the windows are hung with heavy curtains [ and ] upon the desks are vases filled with flowers .
As far as the drum kit , well , it reproduces the ambiance of a Malagasy crowd on a day of celebration with all the hand clapping , shakers , and feet stomping the earth . "
The album was the band 's first collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin , whose input helped the band 's sound evolve .
 Lombardo contacted Columbia Records , which was Def Jam 's distributor , and managed to get in touch with Rubin , who along with photographer Glen E. Friedman agreed to attend one of the band 's concerts .
During a visit by Slagel to a European music convention , Rubin spoke with the band directly , and persuaded them to sign with Def Jam .
 Reign in Blood was recorded and produced in Los Angeles with Rubin .
When the record was completed , the band met with Rubin , who asked : " Do you realize how short this is ? "
Black Sabbath had split with original singer Ozzy Osbourne in 1979 and replaced him with Ronnie James Dio , formerly of Rainbow , giving the band a new sound and a period of creativity and popularity beginning with Heaven and Hell ( 1980 ) .
The raiding party was pursued by Union forces , but eventually managed to break contact with the soldiers and scatter into the Missouri woods .
They tortured him until he was near death and sent word to the man 's son in an unsuccessful attempt to lure him into an ambush , before releasing the father with instructions to spread word of his mistreatment .
Union soldiers claimed that Anderson was found with a string that had 53 knots , symbolizing each person he had killed .
The cuticle ( outer exoskeleton of the body ) is not sculptured and is covered with either scattered or spare setae , which are different types of bristle or hair @-@ like structures .
The sequence features the same setting , camera angles and same music — " Stuck in the Middle With You " by Stealers Wheel .
The house is still known for its design features and garden with exotic tropical plants .
 The Brazilian fleet , with their ships scattered throughout the River Plate and tributaries , prevented the defeated army of Oribe from escaping into Argentina .
He batted .312 and hit four home runs during his only season with the Cement Dusters .
 Vavilovian mimicry describes weeds that come to share characteristics with a domesticated plant through artificial selection .
This is common in plants with deceptive flowers that do not provide the reward they seem to offer .
The seeds are arranged in two rows , with at least four seeds in each row .
The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars that were served by two aircraft elevators , each 14 by 14 meters ( 46 by 46 ft ) ; the center elevator as used in Hiryū was deleted to simplify construction and reduce stress in the hull .
A theme carried over from Innocent Sin was the " power of Kotodama " , the Japanese belief that words can influence the physical and spiritual world , with this power manifesting through the spreading of rumors .
The communist threat was brought home to Jamaica with the 1952 arrest of the Jamaican politician Alexander Bustamante by the American authorities while he was on official business in Puerto Rico , despite the fact that he was avowedly anti @-@ communist .
 Casting continued into August 2013 , with the announcement that James Spader would play Ultron .
She is polite and studious , and likes to play house or host tea parties with her stuffed animals .
For example , Susie is shown on occasion with a stuffed bunny rabbit named " Mr. Bun . "
Davis received quitclaims from Osborn and Field , and on the Harney lots , but was unable to settle with Sanchez .
At 0 : 09 , a player drives to the basket with his tongue hanging out .
Following the match , Ariel and Thorn attempted to attack Kelly Kelly , before The Sandman interrupted and hit Thorn repeatedly with a kendo stick .
He instantly reverts to his " alien " self ; he begins to sing " Good Morning Starshine " , with the entire crowd ( including Mulder , Scully , and Chewbacca ) joining in as the sun rises over the clearing .
The fake abdomen was filled with rubber , latex , and gelatin pieces smeared in fake blood — the " internal organs " — which could then fall free .
When Charles X Gustav died in February 1660 , his successor settled for the Treaty of Oliva with Poland – Lithuania , Habsburg and Brandenburg in April and the Treaty of Copenhagen with Denmark in May .
England , France and the Dutch Republic had agreed on a petition in the First Concert of the Hague , urging Sweden to settle for peace with Denmark on the terms of Roskilde , and peace talks mediated by France were taking place throughout 1659 .
 Russia , still engaged in the Russo @-@ Polish War ( 1654 – 67 ) , settled her dispute with Sweden in the Treaty of Kardis , which restored Russian @-@ occupied Swedish territory to Sweden .
Lennon had just returned from Record Plant Studio with his wife , Yoko Ono .
 With the Orca slowly sinking , the trio attempt a riskier approach : Hooper dons scuba gear and enters the water in a shark @-@ proof cage , intending to lethally inject the shark with strychnine using a hypodermic spear .
Brown helped convince Spielberg to stick with the project , saying that " after [ Jaws ] , you can make all the films you want " .
Afterward , underwater scenes were shot at the Metro @-@ Goldwyn @-@ Mayer water tank in Culver City , with stuntmen Dick Warlock and Frank James Sparks as stand @-@ ins for Dreyfuss in the scene where the shark attacks the cage , as well as near Santa Catalina Island , California .
In fact , the arm strap is looped for counter @-@ clockwise wrapping with Ashkenazi tefillin while it is knotted for clockwise wrapping with Sephardic and Chabad tefillin .
Starting out with a small amount of Sand available to him , its capacity can be increased by collecting Sand from enemies , along with Sand Clouds scattered around the palace .
For the Indians , the struggle with American settlers would resume in the Northwest Indian War , though this time without the assistance of their British allies .
After Wallez was removed from the paper 's editorship in August 1933 following a scandal , Hergé became despondent , and in March 1934 tried to resign , but was encouraged to stay after his monthly salary was increased from 2000 and 3000 francs and his workload was reduced , with Jamin taking responsibility for the day @-@ to @-@ day running of Le Petit Vingtième .
 At 10 : 00 on 27 May 1909 , loaded with over 1 @,@ 000 passengers headed for Europe , Princess Alice departed the Lloyd pier in Hoboken , New Jersey .
The music of Homogenic was a new style for Björk , focusing on similar sounding music combining electronic beats and string instruments with songs in tribute to her native country Iceland .
 Steve Neal , McNary 's biographer , describes McNary as a progressive who stuck with the Republican Party in 1910 even when many progressives left the party in favor of West , a Democrat .
There was a goods shed with a loading platform on a passing loop , as well as a north @-@ facing covered loading platform and a south @-@ facing siding .
The town 's railroad infrastructure included a five @-@ stall roundhouse , depot , machine shop , and structures to restock passing trains with sand , coal and water .
Ordered by Wesker to terminate Isaacs , Slater arrives with a group of commandos , and finds the scientist locked in his lab , injecting himself with massive doses of anti @-@ virus in an attempt to counteract the infection , explaining that the zombies are enhanced and as such , he requires a bigger dosage of the anti @-@ virus ; he disobeys Slater 's command to stop , since it will only increase his mutation .
He is turned into the Tyrant monster as a result of a bite by a " super @-@ zombie " and from then injecting himself with too much anti @-@ virus .
The Spanish later symbolised the importance of the Pillars of Hercules with a heraldic device consisting of a pair of columns with a scroll wrapped around them – a symbol that became the $ sign and the related Portuguese cifrão ( ) .
Gibraltar 's defenders were well stocked with food and ammunition but were heavily outnumbered and outgunned .
A Colonel Sayer , who was garrisoned at Gibraltar in the 1860s , described the town as " composed of small and crowded dwellings , ill ventilated , badly drained and crammed with human beings .
Minutes before the start of the race , Roberts ' Yamaha blew a seal and sprayed the bike with oil .
Roberts ' cornering method of hanging off the motorcycles with his knee extended forced him to use duct tape as knee pads , and eventually led to the introduction of purpose @-@ built knee pucks used by all motorcycle road racers today .
The Crown and Aboriginal peoples began interactions during the European colonialization period , though , the Inuit , in general , had more limited interaction with European settlers .
 Jeff has been described as a " cartoon @-@ like , diseased lung cowboy created by crossing the diseased lung pictured on cigarette packs in Australia with the Marlboro Man " .
 Finally , he said of the statement 's final sentence : " That 's honestly the best Philip Morris and Big Tobacco can come up with — We 've spent a lot of money and have a lot of investors so please don 't mess with our packaging because it might cause us to earn smaller profits ...
That is , they leaned toward the former , delivering a Christmas episode full of cynicism – but topped with just a sprinkle of sweetness . "
This design was accomplished by using many closely spaced perimeter columns , providing much of structure 's strength , with the gravity load shared with the core columns .
The best @-@ known variety is a torpedo @-@ shaped fried croquette stuffed with minced beef , chicken or lamb .
 A large variety of eggplant salads and dips are made with roasted eggplants .
Eggplant salads are also made with yogurt , or with feta cheese , chopped onion and tomato , or in the style of Romanian Jews , with roasted red pepper .
The Ottoman Turks introduced stuffed vine leaves in the 16th century and vine leaves are commonly stuffed with a combination of meat and rice , although other fillings , such as lentils , have evolved among the various communities .
Artichoke bottoms stuffed with meat are famous as one the grand dishes of the Sephardi Jerusalem cuisine of the Old Yishuv .
Stuffed dates and dried fruits served with rice and burgul dishes .
Especially popular are kubba prepared from bulgur and stuffed with ground lamb and pine nuts , and the soft semolina or rice kubba cooked in soup , which Jews of Kurdish or Iraqi heritage habitually enjoy as a Friday lunchtime meal .
 Stuffed chicken in Israel is usually stuffed with rice , meat ( lamb or beef ) , parsley , dried fruits like dates , apricots or raisins , spices like cinnamon , nutmeg or allspice ; sometimes herbs like thyme and oregano ( not the dried ones ) are added on the top of the chicken to give it a flavor and than it is baked in the oven .
They are made of a flaky dough in a variety of shapes , frequently topped with sesame seeds , and are filled with meat , chickpeas , cheese , spinach , potatoes or mushrooms .
Jachnun is very thinly rolled dough , brushed with oil or fat and baked overnight at a very low heat .
Pita is used in multiple ways , such as stuffed with falafel , salads or various meats as a snack or fast food meal ; packed with schnitzel , salad and French fries for lunch ; filled with chocolate spread as a snack for schoolchildren ; or broken into pieces for scooping up hummus , eggplant and other dips .
 Sahlab is a drinkable pudding once made of the powdered bulb of the orchid plant but today usually made with cornstarch .
Variations include green falafel , which include parsley and coriander , red falafel made with filfel chuma , yellow falafel made with turmeric , and falafel coated with sesame seeds .
The challah is usually round , often studded with raisins and drizzled with honey , and other symbolic fruits and vegetables are eaten as an entree , such as pomegranates , carrots , leeks and beets .
These are three @-@ cornered pastries filled most often with poppy seed , but also other fruit fillings .
 At BlizzCon 2015 during the " Future of Starcraft 2 " presentation it was revealed that Blizzard will release additional mission packs to keep players engaged with Starcraft 2 .
On 31 October 1900 , Reading Synagogue officially opened in a solemn public ceremony , packed to capacity with dignitaries , led by the Chief Rabbi Hermann Adler .
The mounds of supplies along with intelligence gathered from the captured documents informed the Marines that at least 3 @,@ 000 Japanese troops were on the island and apparently planning an attack .
Large oil or gas drums were cleaned and filled with medical supplies and food , with enough air space to provide buoyancy , and strung together with rope .
Even the setting of Covent Garden with piles of fruit and vegetables echoes the country scene .
 The band was based around Dial House , an open @-@ house community near Epping , Essex , and formed when Dial House founder Penny Rimbaud began jamming with Steve Ignorant ( who was staying in the house at the time ) .
Instead , she was equipped with existing stocks of 15 cm SK L / 45 guns in single turrets .
In the early 1940s , legal pressure forced the studios to replace seasonal block booking with packages generally limited to five pictures .
In other genres , Universal kept its Ma and Pa Kettle series going through 1957 , while Allied Artists stuck with the Bowery Boys until 1958 .
( Pure Trance Original ) " , with a house rhythm added , along with samples from The JAMs ' 1987 recordings " All You Need Is Love " , " Don 't Take Five ( Take What You Want ) " , " Whitney Joins The JAMs " and " Burn the Bastards " .
With the heart pumping at maximum power , this gate makes the user the most powerful figure in a battle yet kills them shortly after .
During Part II , it was revealed that Yamato received the ability to use Wood Style techniques after being injected with Hashirama 's DNA by Orochimaru , though at a much lesser scale .
The puppeteer connects one of their fingers to part of a puppet 's body with a chakra string , allowing them to remotely operate it in battle with the proper finger movements .
However , Sasori can control up to 100 different puppets , with the strings connected directly to his heart .
However , he only managed to achieve that because he was the current reincarnation of one of the Sage of the Six Paths ' son , Indra , and had injected himself with the DNA of Hashirama ( the reincarnation of the Sage 's other son , Asura ) , which would grant the person with the Sage 's own power .
He can increase the range of this technique by instantaneously changing place with a remote space .
This pressure came from MGM along with its new owner , billionaire Kirk Kerkorian , both of whom wished for the film 's release to coincide with their public stock offering .
At the end of 2011 , the Unplugged version of " Hurricane " won the MTV Award for Best Live Performance , with critic James Montgomery commenting that the band 's performance " is very much a communal thing , one where a celebration never seems all that far off . "
A widespread species with a cosmopolitan distribution , it is a medium @-@ sized puffball with a round fruit body tapering to a wide stalk , and dimensions of 1 @.
 A widespread species with an almost cosmopolitan distribution , it has been reported from Africa ( Kenya , Rwanda , Tanzania ) , Asia ( China , Himalayas , Japan , southern India ) , Australia , Europe , New Zealand , and South America ( Brazil ) .
Tortorella 's decision was unpopular with the crowd as they booed Läck , while Luongo was also unhappy as he had been looking forward to that game all season .
He implants Chekov and Terrell with indigenous creatures that enter the ears of their victims and render them susceptible to mind control , and uses the officers to capture the Reliant .
The method creates a bas @-@ relief effect to the material by stuffing the outlined areas with soft thread shot via air pressure through a hollow needle .
There were seventeen departures in each direction per week , timed to fit with the working times at the plant .
 In 2006 the Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage announced they would be working to preserve the railways and ferries , and in 2008 it became clear that the directorate was working with an application for the Rjukan Line , the Tinnos Line and the ferries to be included in a UNESCO World Heritage Site along with the closed plants in Rjukan and Odda .
The Sonestown bridge is a Burr arch truss type , with a load @-@ bearing arch sandwiching multiple vertical king posts , for strength and rigidity .
Karagias joined forces with former Jung Dragons member Jamie Knoble and the three teams met in a Triangle match at Mayhem , which 3 Count won .
N.E.R.D attestd that , " when the girls go in the bathroom , they 're powdering their faces with that other white stuff " .
Toby Green of The Guardian attended a concert at The Roundhouse in London and gave the performance four out of five stars , saying " Pharrell 's knack is connecting with the crowd .
He was senior @-@ year roommates with James Mastaglio , who was a 1998 honorable mention All @-@ Ivy League selection .
 In addition to connecting with the nearby Long Island Rail Road station of the same name , the station serves as one of the two busiest local bus @-@ subway interchanges in Queens ( along with Jamaica Center ) and the largest in North America , with over 20 bus routes running through or terminating in the area as of 2015 .
This scene is intercut with scenes of them hanging out in an abandoned warehouse surrounded by smoke and flashing lights .
During the WSC period , he founded a players ' association with a loan provided by Kerry Packer .
They say that it approached them , and , fearing for their safety , they attacked the creature with sticks and rocks , killing it .
The photographs show a pale creature that is mostly hairless , with a rubbery body .
He was released with an injury settlement on September 3 , making him a free agent .
Szilárd came up with a workable design : a pile of uranium oxide blocks interspersed with graphite bricks .
At Argonne he continued experimental physics , investigating neutron scattering with Leona Marshall .
Through his motifs , characteristic portrayals , still lifes and pictures of Stockholm , an observer can follow Jolin on his journeys to other cultures , explore the collected artifacts in his house or get acquainted with what Stockholm looked like during the first part of the 1900s .
This force would be taught to follow English commands and the Christian faith , which would , over time , unite with Uganda and would prevent spread of the Muslim faith farther south .
In 1959 , after using company envelopes to mail the newsletter out and covering the firm 's name with a sticker , someone wrote to the firm to notify them that a newsletter addressing lesbianism was being distributed .
Initially , the grounds were planted with many conifers and large growing trees , oaks , elms and Moreton Bay figs ; and trees indigenous to the area , river red gum , yellow box , and lightwood were retained in the landscape .
Conifers were widely planted from the 1860s along with Moreton Bay figs and occasionally oaks .
The image of bright red " lobster backs " and wounded men with red blood was hung in farmhouses across New England .
Very soon , 600 @,@ 000 Jews of Hungary ( and parts of Czechoslovakia , Romania , and Yugoslavia occupied by Hungary ) were sent to their deaths by Eichmann , with the collaboration of Hungarian authorities .
@ 3 billion ( $ 90 per share ) financed with an aggressive debt package .
Over the coming years , RJR would pursue a number of additional restructurings , equity injections and public offerings of stock to provide the company with added financial flexibility .
 The boat was loaded with provisions to last six men one month ; as Shackleton later wrote , " if we did not make South Georgia in that time we were sure to go under " .
Sweet pastries include scones ( either plain or containing dried fruit ) served with jam and / or cream , dried fruit loaves , Eccles cakes and mince pies as well as a wide range of sweet or spiced biscuits .
Russia has 102 hydropower plants with capacities of over 100 MW , making it fifth in the world for hydropower production .
The total geothermal installed capacity in 2005 was 79 MW , with 50 MW coming from a plant at Verkhne @-@ Mutnovsky .
When I started to jump to make defensive plays and to block shots , I was initially corrected , but I stuck with it , and it paid off . "
Auerbach assigned Russell to shut down St. Louis 's main scorer , and the rookie impressed the Boston crowd with his man @-@ to @-@ man defense and shot @-@ blocking .
 The UK edition contained Bob Cato 's colour photo of Harrison sitting in front of an antique car , with art direction for the package being credited to Cream designs .
This lake was annually stocked with fish , and by the 1960s , residential communities began to rise on the hills west of the main ( southward @-@ flowing ) segment of the creek , while increasingly contaminated urban runoff began to contribute to the creek 's flow .
The lake is annually stocked with bluegill , catfish , and bass .
Now he concluded a secret treaty with Ferdinand I of Hungary , but soon had to seek refugee in Transylvania when Suleiman I led an army against him .
 The Corlay Breton is derived from crossbreeding native stock with the Arabian and Thoroughbred , and is considered the real descendant of the original Breton .
 = = = Relations with settlers = = =
 During February and March , Yagan was involved in a series of minor conflicts with settlers .
Between 50 and 60 Noongar gathered at Bull Creek , where they met a party of settlers who were loading carts with provisions .
Shortly afterward he returned with a party of armed settlers from Bull 's estate .
Kate sleeps with James " Sawyer " Ford ( Josh Holloway ) but does not have sex with him .
 Lex also develops a craving for power , with that hunger expanding in season five .
In 1975 , Heublein settled out of court with Sanders for US $ 1 million ( around US $ 4 million in 2013 ) , and allowed his restaurant venture to go ahead under the reworked name : " Claudia Sanders Dinner House " .
We had some great stuff go on with the first record , but I think the biggest thing over the past two years has been trying to make sure Satisfied is not a sophomore slump " said lead guitarist Brian Bunn .
Used in hunting packs and kept in kennels along with English Foxhounds , they were bred for their ability to drive the fox out of its den .
In his review for The Guardian , Alexis Petridis wrote that Release the Stars " is , by anyone 's standards , a wonderful album , packed with stunning melodies and brilliant lyrics " .
Entertainment Weekly 's Gregory Kirschling stated that Release the Stars was " adorned with more strings , horns , choirs , and piccolo flute ( ! )
A. bradleyi specializes in growing in this rather hostile environment , and competes poorly with other plants in even slightly richer environments .
 Class A Wild Trout Waters are virtually never stocked with trout since they are managed solely for the propagation of wild trout .
However , most current Class A Wild Trout streams were historically stocked with trout prior to the introduction of the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission 's classification system .
They may also be tributaries of streams that are stocked with trout .
The year marks her first collaboration with Rajesh Roshan and Daboo Malik by singing the melodious track for the former composed " Saansein Ghulne Lagi " from Aetbaar and performing the track " Shikdum " from Dhoom , for the latter .
David Jeffries of AllMusic said , " Fans will need four or five hands to count all the other laugh @-@ out @-@ loud punch lines , and even if this album is redundant and overstuffed with hedonism and recklessness , that 's just Juicy being Juicy . "
This happens to Hamasaki as the doll ; she faints in the dark atmosphere land , with strings attached to her .
 The region underwent major demographic changes following the Second World War , when its ethnic German inhabitants were expelled and replaced with settlers from elsewhere in Yugoslavia .
Journalists witnessed one such killing in Vukovar 's main street and also reported seeing the streets strewn with bodies in civilian clothes .
Some roads were completely under water , with pumping operations continuing for four days in the hardest hit locations .
 Stocking of the lake with fish began before the reservoir was filled , with a small rearing pond being placed on the bottom of the valley .
The truck was loaded with 300 kg of medicines , to the value of NOK 50 @,@ 000 .
 The men arrived at the gallows at Parnell pits around 11 am , and were hanged after praying with the crowd for some time .
Ultimately , during tests conducted by Rolls @-@ Royce at Derby , an RM.17.SM ( the high altitude version of the Merlin 100 @-@ Series ) achieved 2 @,@ 640 horsepower ( 1 @,@ 969 kW ) at 36 lb boost ( 103 " Hg ) on 150 octane fuel with water injection .
Reduction gear ratio .42 : 1 , with gears for pressurization pump .
 Oil system : Dry sump with one pressure pump and two scavenge pumps .
Both of the inner and outer voids were fitted with pumps to flood them with water to level the ship ( counter @-@ flood ) in case she began to list .
Macartney then scored 59 and 116 in an aggressive display in the First Test in Durban , which was drawn , with the hosts hanging on with only three wickets in hand .
He said a cooperative mode , in which " player one [ would ] be Kratos and player two [ would ] be this stupid annoying sidekick that — for some to be determined story reason — Kratos is stuck with for the whole adventure and in the end , once the main quest is over , Kratos just snaps the poor kid 's neck " , " would be cool " .
Along with the DLC pack , GameStop offered an exclusive pre @-@ order bonus — the armor and spear of King Leonidas , as depicted by Gerard Butler in the 2007 film 300 , for use in multiplayer mode , and a double @-@ sided God of War : Ascension poster measuring 22 by 28 inches ( 56 cm × 71 cm ) .
His mouth , neck , and throat and the parts around them , and also his nostrils , were filled with blood , so that it was impossible in the natural course of things for him to breathe ... his tongue hung out of his mouth , the length of a man 's finger , and it was completely black and swollen and as thick with the blood sticking to it that it seemed the size of a man 's two fists together .
The volume did not sell well , with much of the stock being remaindered , although became a rare collector 's item in later years .
 Rejecting a £ 100 @,@ 000 four @-@ year contract offer to manage Birmingham City , Revie instead elected to remain at Leeds and stick with the same squad for the 1970 – 71 campaign .
He chose to take the job of England national football team manager ahead of leading a European Cup challenge at Leeds and breaking up the ageing team he had stuck with for many years , and though he was well loved at the club he was not popular with the Leeds boardroom members , who appointed Brian Clough , a fierce critic of Revie as his successor .
Nevertheless the unpopularity and poor reputation stuck with Leeds throughout Revie 's time as manager and even was in evidence after his death .
They decorate their nests with seeds , soil , charcoal , stones , sticks , and even small invertebrate corpses .
The hurricane bypassed the island of Bermuda to the southeast on August 22 , before ultimately brushing southeastern Newfoundland with strong winds .
Although Debbie had little effect on land , it was extensively researched and was subject to a weather modification experiment by Project Stormfury , in which it was seeded with silver iodide .
 Debbie was subject to an experiment called Project Stormfury , which attempted to weaken tropical cyclones by seeding them with silver iodide .
Upon signing with The Island Def Jam Music Group , Lopez continued working with The @-@ Dream and Tricky Stewart , in addition to collaborating with new producers such as RedOne .
According to NME , " ' Irreplaceable ' [ at the Glastonbury Festival ] sparked a mass singalong , with the crowd taking the lead on the entire first verse . "
Dareka no Manazashi is a slightly futuristic story about the maturation of a recently independent young woman and her changing relationship with her father .
 With only one significant opencast in the local area mining past 2008 , along with another smaller opencast at Stony Heap , there is a need for more local supplies of coal for the station because of the risks in depending upon overseas sources of coal .
This would have involved treating the coal prior to burning so that less CO2 was produced , with any remaining CO2 being pumped under the North Sea into an aquifer .
Not long after , the company acquired a grant of land on Massachusetts Bay from the Plymouth Council for New England , and sent John Endecott with a small group of settlers to begin the process of establishing a colony at a place now called Salem , Massachusetts .
 Various performing art elements in sangaku as well as elements of dengaku ( rural celebrations performed in connection with rice planting ) , sarugaku ( popular entertainment including acrobatics , juggling , and pantomime ) , shirabyōshi ( traditional dances performed by female dancers in the Imperial Court in 12th century ) , and gagaku ( ancient music and dance performed in the Imperial Court beginning in 7th century ) evolved into Noh and kyōgen .
The true Noh performer seeks to cultivate a rarefied relationship with his audience similar to the way that one cultivates flowers .
As part of the agreement , the other team owners in the American League agreed to help the Yankees restock their system with prospects .
They are loaded with speed ramps , loops and an assortment of other boosts that rocket Shadow like a pinball . "
Subscriptions are either $ 100 or $ 200 US with the more expensive package getting the album one week earlier and the subscriber 's name on the front of the CD package .
The bells are further decorated with engraved plants and crosses .
 Larry Flick of Billboard said " Power " , the opening track , " finds front man Sascha Konietzko snarling and growling with palpable force , while Cheryl Wilson softens the edges with splashes of soul @-@ mama vamping during the chorus . "
The British soon followed suit with a brush @-@ stroke type pattern for their paratrooper 's Denison smock , and the Soviets introduced an " amoeba " pattern overgarment for their snipers .
They also experimented with various spray @-@ on camouflage patterns for tanks and other vehicles , while Allied vehicles remained largely uni @-@ coloured .
Barbara eda @-@ Young , James Badge @-@ Dale , Gretchen Egolf , and Cooper Pillot had previously performed with Draper in her playwriting Getting Into Heaven in 2003 .
In the meantime , Chrissie publicly accounts for Den 's sudden absence by declaring that he has run off with another woman and attempts to make her story convincing by throwing his clothes into the street and engaging in a bogus phone conversation with him in front of a packed pub .
 In disability skiing events , sometimes this classification is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
 Fitch conducted much of his research at the Brookhaven National Laboratory , where he became acquainted with James Cronin .
Nickel is an essential nutrient for some microorganisms and plants that have enzymes with nickel as an active site .
Spears performance at the American Airlines Arena broke the attendance record previously held by Celine Dion , with a crowd of 18 @,@ 644 people .
He never met Matheos and Moore , recording his drums parts in his recording studio in England and exchanging files with them over the Internet .
 In the episode , an earthquake causes Claire to be stuck in the bathroom with the plumber .
 I had settled an affair with five gentlemen of that country who were each of them to raise a regiment of dragoons well mounted and well armed which I knew they could easily do for the men had horses and homes of their own , and were , to say the truth most of them , the persons who some time since robbed the late Bishop of Winchester 's Park , and have increased in their number ever since .
For example , St Jude 's recently finished ( 2007 ) testing a new up @-@ front chemotherapy regimen in 23 children which included irinotecan and gefitinib with 16 months of maintenance chemotherapy after stem cell transplant with alternating oral 13 @-@ cis @-@ retinoic acid and topotecan .
The under @-@ 18 team won the FA Youth Cup , beating Manchester City 2 – 1 after extra time , with future England international David James in goal for the Hornets .
Director Ridley Scott and the film 's producers spent months meeting and discussing the role with Dustin Hoffman , who eventually departed over differences in vision .
 Blade Runner used a number of then @-@ lesser @-@ known actors : Sean Young portrays Rachael , an experimental replicant implanted with the memories of Tyrell 's niece , causing her to believe she is human ; Nina Axelrod auditioned for the role .
 The Przeworsk culture populations were for the most part also moving ( to a lesser extent ) south and east , which by the 4th century caused a lessening of the population density in northern and central Poland with a simultaneous settlement concentration increases in Lesser Poland and Silesia .
 The lower slopes of Mount Thielsen are heavily forested , with low diversity of plant species .
In his review , LeChevallier wrote that the series " scores relatively high marks for storytelling , artwork , music , voice acting , and realization with its neatly wrapped , 11 @-@ minute packages of multicolored awesomeness . "
Boyd plays ironically on the theme of literary celebrity , introducing his protagonist to several real writers who are included as characters – a spat with Virginia Woolf in London , a possible sexual encounter with Evelyn Waugh at Oxford , a clumsy exchange with James Joyce in Paris , and a friendship with Ernest Hemingway that spans several years .
 The book begins with a quotation from Henry James , " Never say you know the last word about any human heart . "
He liked the medium , and spread the oils liberally , scraping from the canvas and working back with the brush .
With their broad brushstrokes , inventive perspectives , colours , contours and designs , these are the paintings that represent the style he sought .
The flowers are rendered with thick brushstrokes and heavy layers of paint .
 = Hang with Me =
 " Hang with Me " is a song by Swedish recording artist Robyn , taken from her sixth studio album , Body Talk Pt .
 " Hang with Me " was written and produced by Klas Åhlund , and was originally recorded by Åhlund 's then @-@ wife , Paola Bruna , for her debut studio album Stockcity Girl ( 2002 ) .
Åhlund played some of his old songs for Robyn , and re @-@ wrote " Hang with Me " for her .
 " Hang with Me " is an electropop song , written and produced by Klas Åhlund , and a reworked version of Paola Bruna 's song .
Hang with Me " carries a " fierce , club @-@ wrecking beat " , with " relentlessly energetic bass " and synth arpeggios .
According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group , " Hang with Me " is set in common time with a metronome of 115 beats per minute .
MTV News named the song the twenty @-@ first best of 2010 , with James Montgomery calling it a " rather fragile , heartbreaking exploration of those first tentative steps into ( or out of ) love " .
Montgomery pointed out that " Robyn cautions us not to fall “ recklessly , headlessly ” in love with her , but when she makes songs as good as “ Hang With Me , ” it 's sort of difficult not to . "
 " Hang with Me " debuted at number seven on the Sverigetopplistan chart , the issue dated 27 August 2010 , becoming Robyn 's eighth top ten hit on the chart .
 The music video for " Hang with Me " was filmed over a two @-@ week period in June 2010 , in London .
Jason Lipshutz of Billboard commented on the clip , " The video matches Robyn 's gorgeous pop vocals with a fast @-@ moving account of her life on the road , which includes riding roller coasters , prettying up for photo shoots and jamming out with her headphones on in a hotel room .
These jam sessions worked well with Waters , who was apparently helpful , and Wright , who was " laid @-@ back " .
In July 2006 , Billboard described The Piper at the Gates of Dawn as " one of the best psychedelic rock albums ever , driven by Barrett 's oddball narratives and the band 's skill with both long jams and perfect pop nuggets " .
At the German Grand Prix , he retired with a failed fuel pump , before taking over his teammate Hermann Lang 's car ; he later retired that car with supercharger problems .
Electrodes and workpieces must be brushed with a wire brush or chemically treated to remove oxides on the surface .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Europe and North America .
While he considered altering the ending , he eventually settled with his original idea .
On 6 May , she was loaded with shells for her main battery ; the loading work for the main and secondary guns lasted until 20 May .
 Paul Ferrill wrote that " Windows Server 2012 Essentials provides all the pieces necessary to provide centralized file storage , client backups , and remote access , " but Tim Anderson contended that " Many businesses that are using SBS2011 and earlier will want to stick with what they have " , citing the absence of Exchange , the lack of ability to synchronize with Active Directory Federation Services and the 25 @-@ user limit , while Paul Thurott wrote " you should choose Foundation only if you have at least some in @-@ company IT staff and / or are comfortable outsourcing management to a Microsoft partner or solution provider " and " Essentials is , in my mind , ideal for any modern startup of just a few people . "
 One year after the meteor strikes , the 12th Battalion comes into contact with the New Rubinelle Army , and learns of the war raging between the Lazurian Army and the NRA .
A male 's response to a broadcast song appears to be indicative of his health and vigour ; owls with higher blood parasite loads use fewer high frequencies and a more limited range of frequencies in their responses to an apparent intruder .
AC / DC settled with the victims ' families out of court .
No Ripcord reviewer Stephen Wragg was less impressed , rating it a seven out of ten , but offered that the album was " stacked with jaw @-@ dropping moments , underpinned by seismic emotional shifts . "
They consist of migrant workers with many of them being naturalised as Malaysian citizens , however there are still many who live without proper documentation as illegal immigrants in the town with their own illegal settlement .
The subplot of the SGC being overrun with plant life originates in a Season 4 idea by writer and producer Brad Wright .
To not interrupt the shooting process , the set was decorated with various plants and vines overnight .
Ultimately , the storm brushed the island with gusts of 101 km / h ( 63 mph ) along the coast , and 187 km / h ( 116 mph ) in the mountainous peak of Maïdo .
As a comet approaches the inner Solar System , solar radiation causes the volatile materials within the comet to vaporize and stream out of the nucleus , carrying dust away with them .
According to later Coandă descriptions , cast aluminium components were also made by Clerget to create a powerplant with a weight of 1 @.
The Class of 2008 , during their summer term on campus in 2006 , replaced the defunct Tubestock with Fieldstock .
With Stockport already bottom of the league , a 4 – 0 home defeat to Millwall saw manager Kilner sacked .
The Melrose Consortium , consisting of " a group of businessmen with a sporting background " headed by ex Manchester City player Jim Melrose said , " We look forward to developing a fruitful relationship with Sale Sharks and Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council which will provide the basis for a successful future for Stockport County Football Club . "
The new version added two white ribbons – one at the top , with Animo et Fide , and one at the bottom with Stockport County F.C ..
Stockport County and Manchester City met six times between 1997 and 2002 , with Stockport County winning three times , losing once and drawing twice .
The locomotives were not effective because they could not manage even the easy gradient from Balaclava to Kadikoi with more than a light load .
These include a lance , crown of thorns and a stick with a sponge soaked in vinegar .
The program 's sadistic policy does not change however , as they then show an arachnophobic Canadian couple being showered with scorpions .
It is a barred spiral galaxy seen edge @-@ on , with a dark dust lane visible down the middle .
The Andromedids were associated with the most spectacular meteor showers of the 19th century ; the storms of 1872 and 1885 were estimated to have a peak rate of two meteors per second ( a zenithal hourly rate of 10 @,@ 000 ) , prompting one Chinese astronomer to compare the meteors to falling rain .
 Boardy complimented the graphics , writing , " Drowned God is loaded with freaky animations and unexpected visual twists " .
 The Garden of Four Seasons ( named Guangyin Square after the small open area in the Walled City ) , a 300 m2 ( 3 @,@ 200 sq ft ) garden with plants that symbolise the four seasons
Sawdust was mixed with food during times of shortage to ease animals ' sense of hunger , and many animals died of starvation .
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
 As a result of his coronation , together with lurid tales spread by George Adams ( who had been excommunicated by Strang a few months after the ceremony ) , Strang was accused of treason , counterfeiting , trespass on government land , and theft , among other crimes .
These boilers were coal @-@ burning with auxiliary oil sprayers .
 Unfortunately for James , negotiation with Spain proved generally unpopular , both with the public and with James 's court .
With the support of King James , Montagu produced another pamphlet , entitled Appello Caesarem , in 1625 shortly after the old king 's death and Charles 's accession .
 It was common practice for the severed head of a traitor to be held up and exhibited to the crowd with the words " Behold the head of a traitor ! "
His lighter palette with bold brushstrokes and contrasting tones of blue , red and green give the painting a deeper texture .
A few of her works have nevertheless survived , including Interior with Girl Sewing .
The observations have conclusively demonstrated that the warm chromospheric plasma spatially overlaps and coexists with cool gas in Betelgeuse 's gaseous envelope as well as with the dust in its circumstellar dust shells ( see below ) .
Under Parker , Amazon captured the 16 @-@ gun privateer Felix on 26 July 1803 , and survived a brush with a French fleet off Cape Capet on 2 May 1804 .
 Similar to his first African book , Green Hills of Africa , Hemingway embeds in True at First Light digressions and ruminations about the nature of writing , with particular attention to James Joyce and D.H. Lawrence .
He encouraged the spread of Christianity with severe punishments for ignoring Christian customs .
In contrast with all Hungarian sources , the Polish @-@ Hungarian Chronicle and later Polish sources state that Stephen 's mother was Adelhaid , an otherwise unknown sister of Duke Mieszko I of Poland , but the reliability of this report is not accepted by modern historians .
 Kristó states that the entire conflict between Stephen and Koppány was only a feud between two members of the Árpád dynasty , with no effect on other Hungarian tribal leaders .
 [ Duke Boleslav the Brave 's ] territory included a certain burg , located near the border with the Hungarians .
Even when Henry II 's discontented brother , Bruno , sought refuge in Hungary in 1004 , Stephen preserved the peace with Germany and negotiated a settlement between his two brothers @-@ in @-@ law .
” In September 2009 , Chipotle announced that it would sidestep partnership with the CIW and instead work directly with East Coast Growers and Packers to increase wages for its tomato pickers .
Chipotle hired comedian Amy Sedaris to create a comedic how @-@ to video on wrapping with gold foil , and spread the video using Twitter .
The next day , the town was restocked with ammunition and food , and reinforced with just over a hundred men from two Parliamentarian ships , the Mary Rose and the Ann Joyce .
But due to the growing tensions in the region due to the outbreak of World War I in Europe , the ship was only painted and loaded with ammunition , fuel , and stores .
A train with a fire engine containing 20 @,@ 000 litres ( 4 @,@ 400 imp gal ; 5 @,@ 300 US gal ) of water was sent from Myrdal and a fire engine was dispatched from Finse , but the fire spread quickly and within an hour the station building , the guard house and 500 meters ( 1 @,@ 600 ft ) of tunnel had burnt down .
 The Norwegian Civil Defence , who did the main bulk of the rescue work , stated that they had been planning on an exercise which would have been identical to the accident , with a train stuck in exactly the same tunnel while it was on fire .
On either hand , subordinate mountains and ledges slope , or abruptly descend to the fertile plain that borders the Saco , stretching many miles southward , rich in varying tints of green fields and meadows , and beautifully interspersed with groves and scattered trees of graceful form and deepest verdure ... where every possible shade of green is harmoniously mingled . "
The trail is made of pebble @-@ dash concrete walkways that swells and constricts , swings from side to side , and divides into concrete tines that meld the hardscape with the planting embedded in railroad gravel mulch .
Most of the planting , which includes 210 species , is of rugged meadow plants , including clump @-@ forming grasses , liatris , and coneflowers , with scattered stands of sumac and smokebush , but not limited to American natives .
 In the 1960s and 1970s , the United States government attempted to weaken hurricanes through Project Stormfury by seeding selected storms with silver iodide .
At the bottom of the hill , the ride ends with a splash landing in which the boat creates a large wave , splashing spectators on an overlooking bridge .
The Marina has fuel docks with holding tank pumpout , a small marina store , dedicated restroom and shower facilities , laundry facilities , and a marina only pool .
In his 1947 monograph on boletes of Florida , Rolf Singer transferred the species to the genus Pulveroboletus , and made it the type of his newly described section Cartilaginei , which featured species with a glutinous or sticky stem , and a leather @-@ colored to brownish hymenophore .
Spraying a fruit body with methanol causes the pigments to dissolve and makes the color wash away — a phenomenon unknown in other bolete mushrooms .
Additionally , spraying fruit bodies with acetone results in a green @-@ yellow fluorescence visible in daylight .
@ 4 out of 10 rating and noted that Flight of the Conchords is at its best when " the antics remain tightly between [ Bret and Jemaine ] , and this episode sticks with that , " noting that the episode " winds up being rather great . "
 Anderson , along with Mickie James and Josh Mathews , represented WWE at the 2008 Republican National Convention in an effort to persuade fans to register to vote in the 2008 US Presidential election .
 The fact that the Kadambas cultivated marital ties with the imperial Vakatakas and Gupta dynasties attests to their power .
The shows are concert style and feature songs and segments , usually strung together with a narrative .
When farmers sprayed the modified soybeans with the glyphosate herbicide Roundup , the modified soybeans would survive while competing plants ( weeds ) would be killed .
Southerly wind shear around the storm began to increase late on September 27 in response to a cutoff low developing over southern Texas and northern Mexico ; this led to a decrease in shower and thunderstorm activity with the system , preventing intensification .
Runoff , mixed with sewage , contaminated a wastewater @-@ treatment plant ; cleanup took several days before the plant was operational .
Nursing staff , who were predominantly women , felt more inclined to celebrate the success of their patient care and less inclined to identify the spread of the disease with their own work .
The album is being supported by The Hell Not Hallelujah Tour , which was interspersed by two co @-@ headlining tours , The End Times with The Smashing Pumpkins , and a summer 2016 co @-@ headlining tour with Slipknot .
A digital download of the album was packaged with all LP editions .
On December 5 , Manson settled a fifteen @-@ year rift with The Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan , by performing " Third Day of a Seven Day Binge " and " Ava Adore " with the band at the Camden Palace Theatre in London .
The band also revealed details of a co @-@ headlining tour of the US with The Smashing Pumpkins .
GameStop and EB Games gave away a pair of branded drumsticks with the game .
He wrote " when this fungus was laid on a newspaper , it emitted by night a phosphorescent light , enabling us to read the words around it ; and it continued to do so for several nights with gradually decreasing intensity as the plant dried up . "
In regards to the two plots , Pierce said that the Liz , TGS , and Dale Snitterman story was " stuffed with great comedic moments " , while the Jack and Nancy angle just sat there and flopped " around like a dying fish . "
Beginning on June 16 to June 27 , 2011 , the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on Beyoncé 's official website , paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and an insightful quote .
It therefore came as a surprise at the ease with which the Welsh pack dominated .
By 1930 her commanding officer reported " internal arrangements not very satisfactory because of overcrowding with auxiliary machinery , accommodation is cramped , ventilation poor and the ship suffers from humidity , diving arrangements good . "
Lord Howick , second son of St Vincent 's friend Sir Charles Grey came to his defence and with the assistance of Charles James Fox moved for a vote of thanks in the Commons for St Vincent 's tireless efforts in naval reform in 1806 .
However , Wallace was at the time of broadcast close friends with noted designer James Amster ( creator of the landmark Amster Yard courtyard in New York City ) and Amster 's male long @-@ term companion , men whom Wallace later described as " a wonderful old married couple " and " [ b ] oth people that [ he ] admired " .
Construction began with the interdict hanging over Normandy , but it was later repealed in April 1197 by Celestine , after Richard made gifts of land to Walter de Coutances and the diocese of Rouen , including two manors and the prosperous port of Dieppe .
Grant was enlisted by Robert Catesby , a religious zealot who had grown so impatient with James 's lack of toleration for Catholics that he planned to kill him , by blowing up the House of Lords with gunpowder .
With the army scattered in encampments on York Island , the Americans would not be able to stop a British attack .
Both players faced a room packed with media and read prepared statements .
Predicting that Rachel Whiteread , creator of the controversial sculpture , House , would win both awards , the magazine said that , if it were so , " the vast numbers of people who equate contemporary art with rubbish will , yet again , feel vindicated . "
With the crowd of now very drunk witnesses looking on , a masked K Foundation operative ( Gimpo ) fumbled with matches and lighter fluid .
Unable to satisfy the anchovies ' hunger and alarmed by the mob , Squidward and Mr. Krabs are left to helplessly deal with the unsatisfied crowd .
Annie Barrett of Entertainment Weekly praised Hansen 's singing , writing that she " stunned the crowd with a vocal so powerful " and " made the song her own " .
Blackstock finally came up with the idea that she should record her own version of Beyoncé 's " If I Were a Boy " .
The Beverlys controlled the match for several minutes , with Blake executing a splash and a front facelock .
He performed a powerslam on Beau before pinning him with an Earthquake splash .
Kamala kept on attacking and hit Undertaker with a series of splashes and seemingly left his opponent unconscious .
The implosion design of " the gadget " , as the Trinity device was code @-@ named , used conventional explosive lenses to compress a sphere of plutonium into a supercritical mass , which was simultaneously showered with neutrons from the " Urchin " , an initiator made of polonium and beryllium ( neutron source : ( α , n ) reaction ) .
 From 1945 to 1947 , eighteen human test subjects were injected with plutonium without informed consent .
people living down @-@ wind of Nevada test sites , Nagasaki survivors , nuclear facility workers , and " terminally ill " patients injected with Pu in 1945 – 46 to study Pu metabolism ) have been carefully followed and analyzed .
These studies generally do not show especially high plutonium toxicity or plutonium @-@ induced cancer results , such as Albert Stevens who survived into old age after being injected with plutonium . "
Rome was profusely decorated with flags , torches , garlands and bunting , and was gorgeously illuminated at night with great crowds of people seen everywhere .
Morrison and Davis 's upright bass can be interpreted as the earth opposing Kay 's percussion and the string arrangement representing heaven and with Berliner 's lead acoustic guitar residing on a plane in between .
When Astral Weeks was voted the best Irish album of all time in 2009 , Niall Stokes wrote in Hot Press , " It 's an extraordinary work , packed with marvelously evocative songs that are rooted in Belfast but which deliver a powerful and lasting universal poetic resonance . "
Neville brings Sam home and injects her with a strand of his serum , but when she shows signs of infection and tries to attack him , Neville is forced to strangle her to death .
Lawrence went to the city with a camcorder , and filmed areas filled with crowds .
 Tracy finally achieved some success by joining forces with the notable stock manager William H. Wright in the spring of 1924 .
The film opened to the biggest crowd since Gone With the Wind .
 Tracy finished off the 1940s with Malaya ( 1949 ) , an adventure film with James Stewart , and Adam 's Rib ( 1949 ) , a comedy with Tracy and Hepburn playing married lawyers who oppose each other in court .
One month later , Jamie Chung announced in an interview with E !
 While at court , Mel begins exchanging letters and tokens with a secret admirer .
The river bends around about 1 metre ( 3 ft 3 in ) from the bottom of the tower , and its base may have been underpinned with timber piles during its original construction .
According to Terasawa , his concept of a hero has been greatly influenced by " spaghetti westerns with a James Bond @-@ type spin to them . "
A few Arabian horses may have come with the Ummayads who settled in the Guadalquivir valley .
In the campaigns in North Africa , generals such as George S. Patton lamented their lack , saying , " had we possessed an American cavalry division with pack artillery in Tunisia and in Sicily , not a German would have escaped . "
Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red down the mountain in a cable car loaded with explosives and Granny goes after her , with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit .
Cory Edwards wrote into the magazine , expressing his similar sentiments and writing , " As the writer @-@ director of Hoodwinked , it may surprise you that I couldn ’ t agree more with James Poniewozik ’ s article .
 He had a trial with Stockport County of League Two during their pre @-@ season trip to Ibiza in August 2006 , but was not offered a contract .
Pat Ruel , who was with the New York Giants in 2004 , to coach the offensive line , and Jethro Franklin , who spent 2004 with the Green Bay Packers , as defensive line coach , Sarkisian would additionally be named as assistant head coach and Lane Kiffin , wide receivers coach , would add recruiting and offensive coordinating to his duties .
An affiliate , the Powhatan Line , started service between Norfolk and Richmond in 1845 , interchanging freight and passengers with the Old Bay Line .
 Borders Books , started in Ann Arbor , was opened by brothers Tom and Louis Borders in 1971 with a stock of used books .
 There are 18 hydroelectric power plants with power generation capacity exceeding 10 Megawatts in the Sava River basin .
 The river became severely polluted by industrial waste in the Industrial Revolution , but in the second half of the 20th century a number of initiatives were implemented to improve water quality , restock it with fish and create a diverse environment for wildlife .
 Until the early 19th century the Irwell was well stocked with fish and other wildlife , with people living near Manchester Cathedral using its water for drinking and other domestic purposes .
However , during the Industrial Revolution , increasing levels of pollution caused by waste products discharged into the river by local industries proved fatal to wildlife , with fish stocks disappearing completely by about 1850 .
 Mr Harper went on to say that the Irwell had been well stocked with fish along its whole length 100 years ago but refused to guess when it would reach the same state again .
A local public house , the Black Boy , suffered extensive damage as the water caused the rear wall to collapse , a local brewery was flooded with the loss of all its stock , and a Mersey Flat came free of its moorings , hitting Regent Bridge .
The production crew felt the scene was not important enough , but Gero also noticed with surprise that Mitch Pileggi acted it out as if it were a " romance scene " .
The objects of the society were to " search out and cultivate old garden flowers which have become scarce ; to exchange seeds and plants ; to plant waste places with hardy flowers ; to circulate books on gardening amongst the Members ... [ and ] to try to prevent the extermination of rare wild flowers , as well as of garden treasures . "
Paradisi in Sole Paradisus Terrestris , or , A Choise Garden of All Sorts of Rarest Flowers with their Nature , Place of Birth , Time of Flowring , Names , and Vertues to Each Plant , Useful in Physic or Admired for Beauty : To which is Annext a Kitchin @-@ Garden Furnished with All Manner of Herbs , Roots , and Fruits , for Meat or Sauce Used with Us , with the Art of Planting an Orchard ... All Unmentioned in Former Herbals .
The earliest substantial works Britten composed while studying with Bridge are the String Quartet in F , completed in April 1928 , and the Quatre Chansons Françaises , a song @-@ cycle for high voice and orchestra .
 The first of Britten 's song cycles to gain widespread popularity was Les Illuminations ( 1940 ) , for high voice ( originally soprano , later more often sung by tenors ) with string orchestra accompaniment , setting words by Arthur Rimbaud .
After his brother is defeated , Larsa takes his place in the Archadian throne and settles into peace agreements with Basch as his protector .
On 2 January 2015 , former Palace player Alan Pardew was confirmed as the new manager , signing a three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year contract with the club after a compensation package of £ 3 @.
He saw the Yeti , who " internalises certain human characteristics " , as more complex than Hergé 's previous bestial character , Ranko in The Black Island : " The monster loves Chang with a love as unconditional as Tintin 's love for his friend . "
The centre of the town , Front Street , was lined with hastily built buildings and warehouses , together with log cabins and tents spreading out across the rest of the settlement .
This can be replenished with items scattered throughout levels .
Neal Ronaghan of Nintendo World Report , while commenting on control issues , called Uprising an " amazing game " packed with content .
Facing great opposition from the previous ruling family and even enduring shots fired at his home , he described his post as " like coming into a game with the bases loaded . "
This led to his becoming musical director of the City of Birmingham Orchestra , where he remained in charge for six years , attracting widespread attention with his adventurous programmes .
Ahead of the 2007 – 08 season , Wilson spent pre @-@ season trialling at Brentford and Stockport County respectively , training with Stockport for a number of weeks and playing in several pre @-@ season friendlies , but was ultimately not offered a contract .
Helen Pidd from The Guardian found the lyrics to be " packed with saccharine innuendo . "
Favouring Minogue 's vocal performance , Eric Seguy from Stylus Magazine wrote : " Kylie proves herself to be a consummate entertainer , breezing through the chill muzak of " Promises " and " Chocolate " ' s wild disco jam with equal ease . "
 The match took place in good weather , with the crowd approximately 62 @,@ 000 .
Hilson later performed " Pretty Girl Rock " on December 14 on the Today Show , mixing the track with James Blunt 's single " You 're Beautiful " .
One week later , American , loaded with cargo , departed New York and joined up with an eastbound convoy on 2 June , reaching Brest , France , on 17 June .
 Early on 8 July , U @-@ 255 caught another ship from Convoy PQ 17 , the 6 @,@ 069 ton American merchant ship Olopana , loaded with 6 @,@ 000 tons of explosives , gasoline , and trucks as deck cargo .
Both Krasnyj Partizan and Ufa were loaded with timber destined for the United States , and no survivors were found from either ship unless the survivors from the unknown Russian merchant vessel that was sunk by U @-@ 255 were indeed crew members of Krasnyj Partizan .
On 5 March she fired a spread of three torpedoes at Convoy RA @-@ 53 , sailing from Murmansk to Scotland , and hit two American merchant ships ; the 4 @,@ 978 ton Hog Islander Executive , loaded with 1 @,@ 500 tons of potassium chloride , and the 7 @,@ 191 ton Liberty ship Richard Bland , carrying 4 @,@ 000 tons of lumber .
Amy Reiter of the Los Angeles Times called it a " quirky mixed bag , packed with amusing bits and pieces but very little emotional ( or musical ) oomph . "
The Vietcong duo observed their target over the next month , mixing with the crowds in the busy street outside .
The latter version was available in four different covers and included a copy of Jiminy 's Journal along with 400 stickers .
Other benefits were the ability to operate all four propellers if one of the turbo generators failed , and the possibility of operating only some of the generators at low speed with suitably higher loading and greater efficiency . "
While under repair , the ship , now increasingly obsolete , was permanently modified as a training carrier with some of her hangar deck converted into classrooms .
When breeding in Eurasia , the corn crake 's habitats would originally have included river meadows with tall grass and meadow plants , but it is now mainly found in cool moist grassland used for the production of hay , particularly moist traditional farmland .
 Overgrazing , agriculture and the loss of wetland and moist grassland have reduced the availability of suitable habitat for the African crake in many areas , such as some parts of the southern KwaZulu @-@ Natal coast which have been urbanised or planted with sugarcane .
When she starts inviting him to hang out with her , the teenager is stunned — as is his single mother Karen .
The band then shows up and fires up the crowd with an upbeat ska version of " Everything I Own " .
The author related that this civilization caused a significant implant upon their encounter with thetans .
A drunken man dressed as Santa Claus ( Cleve Wall ) is arrested for threatening his wife and a crowd of people with a water pistol .
As the new day dawns , Gee has the detectives assemble on the roof so he can spray them with a garden hose to cool them off .
The programmers also preferred to end the series on the upbeat note of the final scenes in " Night of the Dead Living " , which includes the detectives happily smiling and laughing on the roof of the police department building as Gee sprays them with a hose to relieve the summer heat .
 Two days after its official release , it was estimated that " Mine " would sell approximately 350 @,@ 000 digital downloads with a possible debut in the top three on the Billboard Hot 100 .
We really pushed the envelope with some of the stuff we were doing ... [ S ] he was up for anything .
She confirmed her appearance at the ceremony , by uploading an image of the Grammy trophy wrapped with black strings like the Internet memes for the cover art of Rebel Heart .
Additionally , the product further targeted the snacking and convenience food markets with a specific packaging design that was intended to be easier to handle and fit into automotive cup holders .
Dave Grohl said this approach originated during a four @-@ month period prior to the recording of the album , where the band would experiment with extreme dynamics during regular jam sessions .
The Boston Globe was less enthusiastic about the album ; reviewer Steve Morse wrote , " Most of Nevermind is packed with generic punk @-@ pop that had been done by countless acts from Iggy Pop to the Red Hot Chili Peppers , " and added " the band has little or nothing to say , settling for moronic ramblings by singer @-@ lyricist Cobain . "
It can also be an issue for touring bikes with a heavy load of gear over or even behind the rear wheel .
Rear load assemblies with appropriate stiffness and damping , however , were successful in damping out weave and wobble oscillations .
In theory , it could be thrown , but in practice it would most likely need to be placed — thumped against the target with sufficient force to stick — requiring courage and good fortune to be used effectively .
The Canadian pipe mine ( later known as the McNaughton Tube after General Andrew McNaughton ) was a horizontally bored pipe packed with explosives – once in place this could be used to instantly ruin a road or runway .
Rather than attempting to ignite oil floating on water , nozzles were placed above high @-@ water mark with pumps producing sufficient pressure to spray fuel which produced a roaring wall of flame over , rather than on , the water .
Bombers and crop sprayers would spray landing craft and beaches with mustard gas and Paris Green .
When the English translations were being prepared , Toren Smith considered returning the name to " Verthandi " , ( which Smith had determined to be the correct translation of the Old Norse ) , but chose to stick with Belldandy on the grounds that Fujishima was already " playing fast and loose with the mythos " and thus felt that no further harm was likely to come from employing Fujishima 's transliteration .
Larry Printz of The Morning Call also expressed a similar view of the song , stating that the song " is loaded with platitudes , but [ it 's ] easy on the ears . "
In that game , he batted three times against the Reds with the bases loaded , notching a triple , two singles and six RBIs .
With the bases loaded , Bako hit a single through the left side of the infield , driving in the winning run ( Raúl Ibáñez ) and sealing the Phillies fourth consecutive victory in a season @-@ high ten @-@ game winning streak .
Malcom also commented positively on the show 's fast pacing ; however , Mike Hale of the New York Post was less favorable , deeming the episode " overstuffed with story lines " .
 The comedic pairing of Sue and Sandy attracted some praise , with Stack deeming them " the best villains ever " .
Conversely , The Guardian 's lead critic Alexis Petridis claimed Gabriel " suffered a musical mid @-@ life crisis " , describing it as " an album packed with ultra @-@ commercial priapic cod @-@ funk " and " a ruthless bid for mainstream success " .
 This species is prevalent in most woodland types in its range , and also in more open country with scattered trees .
 There is widespread frustration with the land title system .
Walsh begins sending Chloe videos , which lead Chloe to discover that Walsh was working with Donovan Jameson , the head of Nu @-@ Corp , and Dr. Stephen Hamilton on experimentations involving the meteor rocks .
The pump system was replaced with one capable of sending an 80 @-@ foot ( 24 m ) jet of water into the air .
 Behind the scenes , HIAG cultivated close relationships with the ruling Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and the main opposition Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) , garnering attention by inflating its membership numbers and influence .
She was also designed with only a single hangar , which would have left her with an extremely low profile ( there being just 4 @.
Its surface is rough , with scattered tubercles , and is divided into distinct regions by a series of grooves .
To prevent Union warships from attacking the yard , the Confederates set up batteries at Sewell 's Point and Craney Island , at the juncture of the Elizabeth River with the James .
A last @-@ minute equaliser for Blackburn Rovers against Arsenal on 19 April 1997 was controversial given the manner the opposition had scored ; with Hughes cramped , Vieira kicked the ball out in order for his teammate to be treated .
In the preseason , Randall competed for the first @-@ string quarterback spot with Marcus Vick until the latter was suspended from Tech for a semester after a criminal conviction .
 By the mid @-@ 19th century it had gone out of use as a reservoir ; being partly filled with rubbish and reused as a vegetable garden .
Earlier in the Olympics , her team had tied with the Hungarians .
The dome itself was painted sky @-@ blue and strewn with golden stars .
The lack of space in the Tiger 's engine bay causes a few maintenance problems ; the left bank of spark plugs is only accessible through a hole in the bulkhead for instance , normally sealed with a rubber bung , and the oil filter had to be relocated from the lower left on the block to a higher position on the right @-@ hand side , behind the generator .
Backing vocals are used on the later choruses for support with the strings , cascading down to a minor arrangement before the third one .
Human hunters took advantage of an attraction red rails had to red objects by using coloured cloth to lure the birds so that they could be beaten with sticks .
There is a pretty way of taking them with a red cap , but this of ours was taken with a stick .
Once they are close enough , you can hit them with the stick , and then have only to pick them up .
 Melissa Locker of Time called it a " tour de force " and " a ten @-@ minute history of R & B , arcing from club thumping beats to a sultry drawn out jam with Ocean ’ s voice veering from a velvety croon to an endearingly creaky falsetto . "
Chris Richards of The Washington Post Company described the track as a " righteous funk opus that spans nearly 10 minutes " , commented that it " is loaded with metaphorical riddles , drawing parallels between Cleopatra and a 21st @-@ century prostitute .
Its nest is an open cup of plant fibers lined with feathers , built a few metres from the ground in the branches of a tree or shrub .
 The black @-@ throated gray warbler breeds in open coniferous and mixed forest with a brushy understory , in dry open oak forests , and in chaparral and other scrubland .
It is a four @-@ to six @-@ lane freeway its entire length , interchanging with U.S. Route 130 and Camden County Route 644 .
 The campaign began in October , with several clashes in Swabia .
 With the string of French victories , Lieutenant Field Marshal Klenau provided the only ray of hope in a campaign fraught with losses .
 The fish 's upper surface is brown to reddish brown with many scattered darker spots , lighter streaks , and reticulations .
The original ending also had the two opposing parties on the planet sit down for peace talks with Jameson surviving the effects of the de @-@ aging drugs .
The second floor holds three large drawing rooms connected by ornamented sliding doors , whose walls are decorated with plaster rosettes , carved woodwork , black marble mantle pieces and fluted pilasters .
The limited edition was available in four different covers and included a copy of Jiminy 's Journal along with 400 stickers .
The Government of Estonia had failed to concentrate the Estonian soldiers retreating from the Narva and Emajõgi fronts , as the units were scattered and mixed with the German detachments withdrawing towards Latvia .
She returned to the Korean theatre , and from 28 August to 2 September she tested a new weapons system , with six radio guided Grumman F6F Hellcats loaded with 1 @,@ 000 @-@ pound ( 450 kg ) bombs guided to targets , resulting in two hits and one near miss .
 For family reasons , Healey began the 1910 – 11 season with Stockton , but soon returned to Bishop Auckland , whom he helped reach the 1911 FA Amateur Cup final .
 At the time of his MLB debut , the league investigated Nova and fellow Yankees pitching prospect Wilkins de la Rosa for injecting each other with Vitamin B12 .
By early November , Kroonland — loaded with cargo destined for the United Kingdom , and sailing under the banner of the American Line — departed San Francisco for London , via the Straits of Magellan .
Though it is not clear what immediate impact this had on Kroonland , it is known that the liner was operating as a U.S. Army transport ( under the name USAT Kroonland ) by February 1918 , when she was loaded with materiel and departed New York for Saint @-@ Nazaire , France .
 On 26 July , Kroonland , loaded with 3 @,@ 248 officers and men , departed on her next trip to France .
The ship departed from Brest in late November with her first load of nearly 2 @,@ 000 wounded and convalescing soldiers , many of whom were from the U.S. 76th Infantry Division .
While he took his job seriously , he cultivated an informal rapport with players , who called him " Ara " rather than " coach " or " Mr. Parseghian " .
 Géricault painted with small brushes and viscous oils , which allowed little time for reworking and were dry by the next morning .
The German colonial administration granted the Japanese settlers equal rights with other European settlers in German @-@ mandated territories , considering them citizens of an imperialist power .
The song consists of an orchestral production with strings , and an emotional vocal delivery from Gaga .
When the Pedro had been loaded with all the wounded soldiers it could hold , Airman Pitsenbarger elected to remain behind to render aid to the remaining soldiers , all of whom were wounded .
It deals with sex hang @-@ ups , and has been described as " an ode to S & M " .
 During Operation Sky Monitor , aircraft operated in two " orbits " , one over the Adriatic established on October 16 , and a second one over Hungary , established with the permission of the Hungarian government on October 31 .
Other problems included insufficient fuel and oil pressure at altitude due to problems with the pumps .
Again Playford won with a one @-@ seat LCL majority , hanging on with the help of the malapportioned electoral system .
Hospitals were overcrowded and the Royal Adelaide Hospital 's beds were crammed together with a density twice higher than developed world standards .
 In 1625 , a restoration was carried out by Simone Lagi , the " resident gilder " , who wiped the ceiling with linen cloths and cleaned it by rubbing it with bread .
Areas of repainting were hatched or treated with a linear brushstroke .
These areas are distinctively textured with vertical brushstrokes , not visible from a distance but easily discernible as restoration work when viewed close up .
It has been designed to counteract the various problems specific to the Chapel , in particular the rapid changes of heat and humidity that occur with the admission of the first crowds of tourists each morning and the departure of the last visitors each afternoon .
The reason for employing this range of colours is that many other pigments are not usable in fresco as they have chemical properties that react badly in interaction with wet plaster .
 With the establishment of settlements and population came the attendant need for education , health , fire and police protection and an urgent need to improve methods of travel .
 San Francisco has a diversified service economy , with employment spread across a wide range of professional services , including financial services , tourism , and ( increasingly ) high technology .
 Observations with the James Clerk Maxwell Telescope at a wavelength of 850 μm show an extended flux of radiation out to an angular radius of 35 arcseconds around Epsilon Eridani .
 The disk contains an estimated mass of dust equal to a sixth of the mass of the Moon , with individual dust grains exceeding 3 @.
They subsequently performed in Moscow for six weeks , where Crowley had a sadomasochistic relationship with the Hungarian Anny Ringler .
He often speaks in a low , emotionless monotone when at his most unreadable , frequently sprinkling his speech with sarcasm or dry , humorless jokes .
Grohl was introduced to Pettibon by ex @-@ Minutemen bassist Mike Watt and , after visiting his house , decided to hire him for the artwork because " we had to somehow pay tribute to Pettibon as a hero , because his stuff , those images just stuck with me my whole life . "
The upgrade will also upgrade the A @-@ 10 with a Hand on Throttle and Stick configuration mixing the F @-@ 16 's flight stick with the F @-@ 15 's throttle .
The skin panels are integral with the stringers and are fabricated using computer @-@ controlled machining , reducing production time and cost .
The sturdy landing gear , low @-@ pressure tires and large , straight wings allow operation from short rough strips even with a heavy aircraft ordnance load , allowing the aircraft to operate from damaged airbases , flying from taxiways or even straight roadway sections .
On 3 July , two days after Francis 's death sentence was commuted to transportation for life , John William Bean also tried to fire a pistol at the Queen , but it was loaded only with paper and tobacco and had too little charge .
In August and September 1871 , she was seriously ill with an abscess in her arm , which Joseph Lister successfully lanced and treated with his new antiseptic carbolic acid spray .
One of Albert 's dressing gowns was placed by her side , with a plaster cast of his hand , while a lock of John Brown 's hair , along with a picture of him , was placed in her left hand concealed from the view of the family by a carefully positioned bunch of flowers .
Eugénie , a close friend of the Dowager Empress , showered her daughter @-@ in @-@ law with gifts including a ruby tiara that had been a present to Joséphine de Beauharnais from Napoleon , but Olga took a dislike towards her mother @-@ in @-@ law .
Olga and the Dowager Empress were showered with glass splinters from a smashed window , but were unharmed .
The woodland is a variant of the calcareous ash / wych elm stand @-@ type , with pedunculate oak ( Quercus robur ) , and ash ( Fraxinus excelsior ) the dominant canopy trees throughout , and with scattered concentrations of wych elm ( Ulmus glabra ) .
The door opening at the front has a wide semicircular arch with a keystone and springing blocks , above which is a string course and a cornice with moulded eaves .
Lauren decides to dig up dirt on Quinn as a campaign tactic , and aided by Puck , discovers that Quinn used to be overweight and unpopular before slimming down and transferring to McKinley ; Lauren then plasters the school with pictures of the old Quinn , humiliating her .
It was written and produced by Timberlake , Timothy " Timbaland " Mosley and Jerome " J @-@ Roc " Harmon , with additional writing from James Fauntleroy . "
The verses are sung with backing R & B infused bass beats with a light string background in the same moderate pace before the bridge prepares for the refrain through the lines " Your world is my world / My fight is your fight / My breath is your breath / And your heart . "
Ramírez did bring the Dodger Stadium crowd to life with a solo homer in the bottom of the sixth , but the Dodgers never threatened after that .
Benson arrives and is held at gunpoint by Stuckey , but she convinces Stuckey that she , too , hates Stabler and is in love with Stuckey .
Molly Eichel , one of the reviewers , was especially interested in moments other than the food fight , such as the " childishness " ( also described as " devolution " ) of the characters , Diane 's motherliness toward the gang , and Eichel 's " favorite part " , Vera 's long @-@ awaited appearance , even though her face was covered with pumpkin pie .
Meanwhile , Dr. Curt Connors injects himself with lizard serum to aid the regrowth of his arm .
 The floor of the barn was originally made of hard @-@ packed flint gravel held together with iron panning , excavated from a local gravel deposit , which was used as a more readily available alternative to stone .
A longer root form , including oriental radishes , daikon or mooli , and winter radishes , grows up to 60 cm ( 24 in ) long with foliage about 60 cm ( 24 in ) high with a spread of 45 cm ( 18 in ) .
 'French Breakfast ' is an elongated , red @-@ skinned radish with a white splash at the root end .
Rehab " opens with a string section , played by Stevie Blacke , and a violin , cello , and tambourine instrumental groove with Hannon Lane 's keyboard melody .
 The family was conceived by Groening shortly before a solicitation for a series of animated shorts with the producer James L. Brooks .
These included " Buzz Cola " , " Krusty @-@ O " cereal , pink doughnuts with sprinkles , and " Squishees " .
He also began pursuing an acting career , appearing in summer stock theatre with the prestigious Peterborough Players .
Tool & Die with Bob Blount and Richard Locke , The Other Side of Aspen with Al Parker and Dick Fisk , Boys in the Sand II and Inevitable Love , with Jon King and Jamie Wingo .
, Torrie teamed up with Mickie James in a losing effort to Beth Phoenix and Victoria .
 On April 9 , playing right field against the Chicago White Sox who had the bases loaded with two out in a very close game , Fuld made a spectacular catch .
The game ends with both heroes hanging onto a helicopter , flying off as the Albatros explodes .
During the height of the storm , around 20 @,@ 000 Narragansett Electric Company customers lost power , with scattered power outages reported elsewhere throughout New England .
The loosened gravel and gold would then pass over sluices , with the gold settling to the bottom where it was collected .
A track runs the entire length of the island , connecting the lighthouse at the north tip with the two settlements and the harbour on the south coast .
A rampart standing 1 m ( 3 ft 3 in ) with an average spread of 6 m ( 20 ft ) encloses an area of some 70 m ( 230 ft ) by 30 m ( 98 ft ) and blocks off access to the promontory .
David Stogdon , a lifeboatman , recalled seeing what the islanders did with their illicit salvage : " Every house was stuffed with wreck [ salvage ] ... clocks , telescopes , binnacles ...
 Elsewhere , the books remain " dusty but tidy " in the abandoned school , and the church still contains its pulpit , " dumb and hung with ragged red tassles " with prayer books " left to be trampled upon by heathen sheep and nibbled by rabbits and rats . "
However , most Hungarians considered Charles 's coronation unlawful because customary law required that it should have been performed with the Holy Crown of Hungary in Székesfehérvár .
During the next four days , the royal army was decimated ; Charles could only escape from the battlefield after changing his clothes with one of his knights , Desiderius Héder , who sacrificed his life to enable the king 's escape .
On his coat @-@ of @-@ arms , he united the " Árpád stripes " with the motives of the coat @-@ of @-@ arms of his paternal family , which emphasized his kinship with the first royal house of Hungary .
 While traditionally the Sirens had been depicted as human @-@ animal chimeras , Etty portrayed them as naked young women , on an island strewn with decaying corpses .
When the World Cup semi @-@ finalists appeared on the balcony of Brussels Town Hall , the adjoining Grand Place square was filled with an ecstatic crowd that cheered as though their squad had won a major tournament .
The roadway again descends alongside the Blue Lakes and Scotts Creek to the junction with SR 29 and the settlement of Upper Lake in the Clear Lake Basin .
 Luke McLuke was bred by James R. Keene at Castleton Stud , but was sold , along with the entire stock of the 1911 foal crop , in 1912 as yearlings .
Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic commented that Poquita Ropa " finds Arjona at his most naked , backed by spare arrangements of acoustic guitar , piano , and Hammond B @-@ 3 along with occasional touches of strings , woodwinds , and chorus vocals . "
Arjona said that " Marta " is " one of those songs with brushworks related to something that happened , put on the magnifying glass of the author . "
The invasion had created an Anglo @-@ Norman elite , many with estates spread across both sides of the English Channel .
Henry and Matilda marched over the Alps into Italy in early 1116 , intent on settling matters permanently with the Pope .
 The Hampshire Review newspaper occupied the building 's second floor with its offices and printing plant from 1884 to 1895 .
The shareholders of the Bank of Romney petitioned the Secretary of State of West Virginia for a charter with capital stock totaling 30 @,@ 000 USD .
Stowe declined into a childlike state after 1894 , losing much of her memory but keeping her fascination with plants and flowers as she would wander Hartford exclaiming over those she came across .
This second squadron was stocked with coal and ammunition in the event that it would need to reinforce the squadron at Smryna .
Scholars have estimated that each copy of a London newspaper , for example , was read by thirty people ; coffeehouses and taverns were well @-@ stocked with copies of newspapers and journals , as were circulating libraries .
 After the Supreme Court ruling , Brownlee settled with MacMillan , but still desired to clear his name .
Some heavy showers associated with the outer rainband 's of the low fell on the windward slopes of the Big Island of Hawaii and Maui , where rainfall totals of 5 – 10 in ( 130 – 250 mm ) were recorded .
Louis VII refused to extradite Boris to Géza , but prevented the pretender from coming into contacts with his supporters in Hungary and took him to Constantinople .
In the same year , a Byzantine army expelled Géza 's ally , Desa , from Rascia and restored Uroš II , who had promised that he would not enter into an alliance with Hungary .
MacLaren played several big innings , scoring at a rapid pace , as his team began the season with a string of victories .
Other players were left out whom most commentators believed should have played , and the bowling attack was packed with medium @-@ paced bowlers of a similar style .
One of the largest threats to children is lead paint that exists in many homes , especially older ones ; thus children in older housing with chipping paint or lead dust from moveable window frames with lead paint are at greater risk .
Furthermore , children , especially as they are learning to crawl and walk , are constantly on the floor and therefore more prone to ingesting and inhaling dust that is contaminated with lead .
It was built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
After John settled with the papacy , de Gray was not included in the general pardon , and had to go to Rome to be pardoned .
 The idea for a remake of Hawaii Five @-@ O first came about in 1996 , when CBS commissioned a sequel starring Gary Busey and Russell Wong , along with a cameo appearance by James MacArthur , who portrayed the original Danny Williams , as Danny who was promoted to the state governor .
The next day , Yahoo announced that it would voluntarily comply with the settlement and also cease offering paid games in the state of New York .
It was renamed Ambohitrakanga ( " hill of the guinea fowls " ) around 1700 by a dethroned prince named Andriamborona who , according to oral history , was the first to settle on the hilltop with his family .
These Native Americans hunted and gathered for most of their food , but also supplemented their diet with some cultivated products .
After arbitration and appeals , MLB settled with the union .
In the last week of the four @-@ week incubation period the eggs would be sprinkled daily with warm water to soften the shells and allow the ducklings to hatch .
Before the show , their legs and feet would be washed , their bills trimmed with a knife and sandpapered smooth , and their feathers brushed with linseed oil .
 In 2013 , Iron Maiden collaborated with Robinsons Brewery in Stockport , England to create Trooper , a 4 @.
Along with Ronnie James Dio and Rob Halford , Dickinson is one of the pioneers of the operatic vocal style later to be adopted by power metal vocalists and regularly appears near the top in lists of the greatest rock vocalists / front @-@ men of all time .
 Unlike the test audience , television critics generally reacted positively to the pilot , viewing it as original and innovative , USA Today critic Tom Green summarized the show as a " crisply funny blend of stand @-@ up routines interwoven with more traditional sitcom stuff " .
 President Jefferson , the primary author of the Northwest Ordinance , had made a secret compact with James Lemen to defeat the proslavery movement led by Harrison .
The scene shifts to a present day , where Clarkson is standing at the altar , exchanging vows with her fiancé .
She sees her fiancé exchanging a smile with the woman as the woman blows him a kiss .
The luxurious print was published by Tsutaya Jūzaburō and made with multiple woodblocks — one for each colour — and the background was dusted with muscovite to produce a glimmering effect .
To produce a glittering effect the background is dusted with muscovite , a variety of mica .
Michael is finally subdued by Tommy , who injects him with large quantities of tranquilizers inside the Smith ’ s Grove Sanitarium .
Somni Sengupta of The New York Times , described it as " a carnivalesque genre packed with romance , swordplay and improbable song @-@ and @-@ dance routines " Roger Ebert gave three and half out of four stars and said , " Lagaan is an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar ... At the same time , it 's a memory of the films we all grew up on , with clearly defined villains and heroes , a romantic triangle , and even a comic character who saves the day .
Beginning on June 16 to June 27 , 2011 , the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on Beyoncé 's official website , paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and an insightful quote .
He took a Waves S1 Imager and spread with that without isolating he width .
The hosts ’ captain packed the leg side with fielders and ordered Bedser to bowl at leg stump .
 Considered nu metal , the album features hip hop elements with James " Munky " Shaffer recalling " We were listening to a lot of hip hop , I was probably listening to a lot of Mr. Bungle , hip hop like early Outkast and The Pharcyde , Sepultura records , and Rage Against the Machine , just to name a few . "
The team ran through her instructions once more , and did a final take with vocals and one with the string arrangements .
The performance began with the singer playing the acoustic guitar before asking the crowd to sing along with her .
Shortly after the District of Keewatin was formed a large group of Icelanders arrived , infected with smallpox which quickly spread to the indigenous First Nation population .
Canada was attracting immigrants with land to settle western Canada in this era .
That proceeded with Kane going back and forth splashing Henry and Big Show in the corner before being caught in a bear hug hold by Henry .
There are several genera , of which the most widespread is Podiceps with nine species , one recently extinct .
 I was hanging out at Max Fish and Mars Bar and Motor City drinking with the few remaining people in New York who would still hang out with me .
 Immediately after he kidnapped her , Phillip forced Dugard into a shower with him .
She coped with her continued captivity by planting flowers in a garden and home @-@ schooling her daughters .
Fishing is permitted in the lake , which is stocked with large mouth bass , crappie , bream , and catfish .
 After a brief hiatus during which Alex Turner toured and recorded with his side project The Last Shadow Puppets , the band recorded a total of 24 songs ; 12 in the Rancho De La Luna recording sessions with Josh Homme of Queens of the Stone Age in early autumn , 2008 , and 12 in the New York sessions with James Ford in spring , 2009 , following their January tour of New Zealand and Australia .
 NME reported in May 2011 that the band were teaming up with producer James Ford once again , and would be releasing their fourth studio album in late spring at the earliest .
Its success resulted in Minogue travelling to England with Mushroom Records executive Gary Ashley to work with producers Stock , Aitken & Waterman .
The album featured collaborations with musicians including James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore of the Manic Street Preachers .
 In 2009 , Minogue hosted the BRIT Awards with James Corden and Mathew Horne .
Her first studio albums with Stock , Aitken , and Waterman present a more bubblegum pop influence , with many critics comparing her to American recording artist Madonna .
 King Salomon and David , his brother , never had children , and the seed of King Andreas perished with them .
It had many economic and family ties to the South , with southern planters maintaining second homes in the city and having business connections with banks , sending their daughters to French finishing schools run by refugees from Saint @-@ Domingue ( Haiti ) , selling their cotton to textile manufacturers , which in turn sold some products to the South , for instance , clothing for slaves .
Philadelphia 's Italian population grew from around 300 in 1870 to around 18 @,@ 000 in 1900 , with the majority settling in South Philadelphia .
He rises , grabs his gun , and checks its ammo before walking into a jungle @-@ like area , as the camera pans to show hanging cages with skeletons inside .
After the bombardment of Fort Sumter , Sherman hesitated about committing to military service and ridiculed Lincoln 's call for 75 @,@ 000 three @-@ month volunteers to quell secession , reportedly saying : " Why , you might as well attempt to put out the flames of a burning house with a squirt @-@ gun . "
 The Croton Hydroelectric Plant was listed with the Michigan State Register and was awarded a Michigan Historical Marker ( site S0684 ) .
The video ends with everyone as dust with Kesha beginning to " unzip " herself as she turns into yellow dust .
After turning north to leave Lind , the road encounters the John Wayne Pioneer Trail and more plains before intersecting the pre @-@ interstate alignment of Interstate 90 ( I @-@ 90 ) and interchanging with I @-@ 90 at exit 206 , another diamond interchange .
Cabazos stocked the land with 900 cattle .
 " Hang with Me " was released as the album 's only single in August 2010 .
The album 's lead single , " Hang with Me " and the track " Indestructible " , were among the first songs to be recorded for the trilogy .
" Hang with Me " was originally recorded in 2002 , by Klas Åhlund 's then @-@ wife , Paola Bruna , for her album Stockcity Girl .
According to Adam Johns of Drowned in Sound , the album marks a departure from Robyn 's " formula of ' creative ' tracks sprinkled through with low @-@ key pop gems . "
2 are " sprinkled with italo @-@ sounding synths , arpreggios and minor @-@ key arrangements . "
Joe Colly of Pitchfork noted that Robyn " primarily sticks with the quick @-@ moving , clubby synth @-@ pop that is her calling card . "
" Hang with Me " , carries a " fierce , club @-@ wrecking beat " , with " relentlessly energetic bass " and synth arpeggios .
 " Hang with Me " was released as the first and only single from the album .
In the late 18th century , imported horses from the US and the British Isles were crossbred with existing Canadian stock .
In 1885 , the Canadian Horse Breeders Association was formed to inspect and approve breeding stock with the aim of creating a studbook for the breed , and in 1886 , further export from Canada was forbidden by Quebec law .
It is also responsible for inspecting breeding stock before they are registered with the studbook .
, and members of MintJam helped with arrangement .
 Almost all maria are on the near side of the Moon , covering 31 % of the surface on the near side , compared with a few scattered patches on the far side covering only 2 % .
 In November 2014 " large quantities " of mercury were discovered in a chamber 60 feet below the 1800 @-@ year @-@ old pyramid known as the " Temple of the Feathered Serpent , " " the third largest pyramid of Teotihuacan , " Mexico along with " jade statues , jaguar remains , a box filled with carved shells and rubber balls . "
Afterwards , fine sulfur , zinc , or some other powder that readily forms an amalgam ( alloy ) with mercury at ordinary temperatures is sprinkled over the area before itself being collected and properly disposed of .
This includes power plants fueled with gas where the mercury has not been removed .
Loaded with crude oil , the steamer immediately burst into flames , killing eight of her 26 crewmen and wounding her captain Herbert McCall .
@ 61 @-@ metre ( 2 ft ) arms stiffened with hardwoods , horn , bone and cane , and supplied with a stirrup to facilitate drawing the string with a crank and pulley .
The Spanish could see from afar that the shore was packed with natives .
The small fleet was stocked with crossbows , muskets , barter goods , salted pork and cassava bread .
The word has its roots in the ancient Turkish language , with which the Hungarians made contact during the late 8th century in the regions between Asia and Europe .
 Rooted in older folklore , the modern belief in vampires spread throughout Asia with tales of ghoulish entities from the mainland , to vampiric beings from the islands of Southeast Asia .
During the delivery , along with some other boys , young Rathvon wiggled his way forward through the crowd until he stood within 15 feet of Mr. Lincoln and looked up into what he described as Lincoln 's " serious face " .
To fit in with the theme of the earlier work in Pompeii , the filming around Boscoreale , along with stock footage of waterfalls and lava and various shots of Roman mosaics and drawings from the Naples National Archaeological Museum were added into the Paris footage .
The song contrasts Stefani 's desire to settle down and start a family with her commitment to the band .
The mania finally ended , Mackay says , with individuals stuck with the bulbs they held at the end of the crash — no court would enforce payment of a contract , since judges regarded the debts as contracted through gambling , and thus not enforceable by law .
 G. j. amphitricha Makinson – is a prostrate or spreading shrub with yellow or orange flowers that grows to 0 @.
Makinson ( formerly Grevillea trinervis ) – is a prickly shrub with a spreading or prostrate habit ranging from 0 @.
Direct contact with the plant may cause a skin rash .
 'Molonglo ' is a form with a low spreading habit and larger orange flowers with red styles .
 'Old Gold ' – a low spreading shrub with yellow new growth , lobed leaves and greyish @-@ yellow flowers with pink styles .
 For its third album , Pearl Jam again worked with producer Brendan O 'Brien .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Asia , Oceania , and the United States in 1995 .
All music is credited to Pearl Jam with the exceptions as ( * ) .
The top of the bottle is wrapped in a gold band inscribed with Beyoncé 's name at the neck .
In the next scene , the couple are shown on top of a table with ultraviolet lighting and Casta rubs her head on Rihanna 's legs .
@ 0042 — determined during close flybys ) suggest that its interior is composed of compressed rocks and ices , with the amount of rock increasing with depth due to partial settling of its constituents .
Her collaborations with record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis incorporated elements of rhythm and blues , funk , disco , rap , and industrial beats , which led to crossover success in popular music .
Jackson eloped with singer James DeBarge in 1984 , divorcing shortly afterwards , with the marriage annulled the following year .
Attempting a third album , Jackson teamed with producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis .
 In 1884 , the Settlement movement was founded , with settlements such as Toynbee Hall and Oxford House , to encourage university students to live and work in the slums , experience the conditions and try to alleviate some of the poverty and misery in the East End .
 These conditions earned dockers much public sympathy , and after a bitter struggle , the London Dock Strike of 1889 was settled with victory for the strikers , and established a national movement for the unionisation of casual workers , as opposed to the craft unions that already existed .
The Princess Alice was a passenger steamer crowded with day trippers returning from Gravesend to Woolwich and London Bridge .
The first permanent theatres with resident companies were constructed in Shoreditch , with James Burbage 's The Theatre ( 1576 ) and Henry Lanman 's Curtain Theatre ( 1577 ) standing close together .
Starfish of the order Paxillosida have no brachiolaria stage , with the bipinnaria larvae settling on the seabed and developing directly into juveniles .
Improvements to three railway stations , Holloway Road , Drayton Park and Finsbury Park , were promised in order to cope with the matchday crowds .
@ 5 @-@ year bonds with a spread of 52 basis points over government bonds and £ 50 million of 7 @.
@ 1 @-@ year bonds with a spread of 22 basis points over LIBOR .
Prince Philip quipped with the crowd : " Well , you may not have my wife , but you 've got the second @-@ most experienced plaque unveiler in the world . "
 In 1784 , the breed was described as " 15 hands ( 60 inches , 152 cm ) high , short and compact with bony legs , often light sorrel in color , gentle , tractable , strong " and with " shoulders loaded with flesh " .
 To this end , Stalin and Molotov strung out the negotiations with the Japanese , giving them false hope of a Soviet @-@ mediated peace .
The end of the match saw Dykstra executing an illegal low blow , when the referee was not paying attention and rolled Flair up with a small package to secure the pinfall .
Dean weakened very slightly on the morning of August 19 as it finished the eyewall replacement cycle and began to interact with the island of Jamaica
5 @,@ 000 acres ( 20 km2 ) of banana farms in Mabouya Valley , Roseau Valley , and Marc Marc were severely damaged with many of the plantations waterlogged or outright destroyed .
Prior to a game against the Calgary Flames on February 17 , 2009 , opposing Head Coach Mike Keenan accused Mitchell of playing with an illegal hockey stick .
Riki Naoe , the male protagonist , has four childhood friends whom he grew up together with through adolescence and still hangs out with when the story begins .
Throughout the game , Riki hangs out with these girls and learns more about them .
 The Nevadas were also the first American battleships to use exclusively oil fuel , which had greater thermal efficiency than firing with coal or coal sprayed with oil .
The following morning , BBC Radio 4 reported that the alleged bomb was " packed with bits of metal and shrapnel " , and later carried a statement from Ian Stewart , Minister of State for the Armed Forces , that " military personnel were involved .
To help with drawing with the Celestial Brush , two different buttons on the Wii controllers were given brush functionality ; one button was assigned to provide free @-@ form strokes , while the other was set to draw a straight line from the starting point .
The use of the Wii Remote for the Celestial Brush was well received ; in GameSpot 's review , they noted that the Wii functionality with the Brush " improves the pace of the game " .
Human habitation in the area may extend as far back as 6000 BC , with two separate periods of settlement on Chat Moss , the first around 500 BC and the second during the Romano @-@ British period .
Metro @-@ Goldwyn @-@ Mayer was later not pleased with the James Bond @-@ style approach , and when Bashir 's spy program appeared in the later episode " A Simple Investigation " , the references were more generic .
 The barn swallow is a bird of open country that normally uses man @-@ made structures to breed and consequently has spread with human expansion .
The lawns at the front of the mansion featured sprinklings of evergreens and shrubs together with formal low @-@ level flower beds .
Contractors were brought in to demolish the mansion in 1953 ; the company may have encountered financial problems , as the basement was not fully destroyed and was left filled with rubble from the higher levels .
 2006 : Burger King is listed on the NYSE with the stock symbol BKC when the chain goes public in an IPO .
Greenwood sent TSR a few dozen cardboard boxes stuffed with pencil notes and maps , and sold all rights to the Realms for a token fee .
 My figures at least are not a bunch of clothes with a head and hands sticking out but more nearly resemble the strong living bodies that most pictures show .
Several layers of discolored varnish and overpaint were removed , exposing a rich and varied surface with brushwork ranging from the controlled , almost miniaturistic strokes forming the figures to the freer treatment of the landscape elements . "
At the end , a cannon exploded showering the stage with pieces of gold , white and black paper strips , while flags from different countries flashed across the backdrop screens .
This ninth album would mark O 'Brien 's first production credit with Pearl Jam since 1998 's Yield .
Pearl Jam reached a deal with Target to be the exclusive big @-@ box store retailer for the album in the United States .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in North America and Oceania in 2009 .
From Calicut the expedition sailed to the Kingdom of Cochin , another Indian city @-@ state , where Cabral befriended its ruler and loaded his ships with coveted spices before returning to Europe .
At last , loaded with precious spices , the fleet went to Kannur for further trade before setting out on its return voyage to Portugal on 16 January 1501 .
Stars , together with her first book of essays Wouldn 't Take Nothing for My Journey Now ( 1993 ) , is one of the volumes writer Hilton Als called Angelou 's " wisdom books " and " homilies strung together with autobiographical texts " , published during the long period between her fifth and sixth autobiographies , All God 's Children Need Traveling Shoes ( 1986 ) and A Song Flung Up to Heaven ( 2002 ) .
 The history of St. Louis , Missouri began with the settlement of the St. Louis area by Native American mound builders who lived as part of the Mississippian culture from the 9th century to the 15th century , followed by other migrating tribal groups .
Jocelin encouraged John to settle with Innocent in early 1209 , worried that Innocent would expand the interdict into an excommunication , forcing John 's advisors to choose between serving the king or obeying the pope .
Mayumi Tsuchida of Bounce felt the album 's strength was the harmony between the " [ rock ] band sound smeared with techno and electronica " and Yamaguchi 's sorrowful , literary lyrics .
When Price went on location and met Reeves for the first time , the young director told the actor , " I didn 't want you , and I still don 't want you , but I 'm stuck with you ! "
 Falklands culture is " based on the British culture brought with the settlers from the British Isles " , although it has been influenced by the cultures of Hispanic South America .
Robert Christgau believed the New York Dolls relied more on cover songs for the album because , " like so many cocky songwriters , David Johansen overloaded his debut with originals and then found that record promotion wasn 't a life activity that inspired new ones . "
A contract also established Ottoman overlordship of Serbia , in conjunction with remaining a Hungarian vassal .
Between the longer status with Hungary and religious differences with the Ottomans ( Hungary and Serbia were Christian , as compared to the Muslim Turks ) , it was preferred that the capital be closer to Hungary than the Ottoman Empire .
This marriage stressed the friendly relations the Despot had with the Ottoman Porte , although Ulrich 's kinship with the Queen of Hungary implied an increased Serbo @-@ Hungarian alliance .
Much of the southern wall of the fortress was destroyed , the nearby railway station , packed with people , was blown away , and most of the buildings in the city were turned into debris .
These boilers were coal @-@ burning with auxiliary oil sprayers .
Working with James Franck and George de Hevesy , she published a number of papers on the use of radioactive substances in biology .
Theobald began well , sending a party of monks from the cathedral to St Martin 's Priory at Dover , which had been settled with canons instead of monks .
Hansen walked Arky Vaughan , the first batter in the eighth inning , before leaving the game , and Cookie Lavagetto singled with the bases loaded to drive in the winning runs for the Dodgers ; the Giants fell , 3 – 1 .
 Hansen 's 1952 season did not open auspiciously ; he appeared in the Phillies ' second game of the season , entering in the ninth inning and allowing a sacrifice fly to the Giants ' Alvin Dark with the bases loaded .
Meanwhile , the Red Bull cars showed signs of brake problems with brake dust exiting the wheels at the major braking points on both cars .
The city is predominately located on the inland ( east ) side of the Miri River with only a few scattered residential neighbourhoods , a Golf Club and a small airstrip on the Peninsula Road .
The locomotive @-@ hauled mixed trains , with frequent stops to load and unload , were timetabled at 11 ⁄ 2 to 23 ⁄ 4 hours to make the same journey , slower than walking .
 Although at the time of the closure there was some speculation that the O & AT would continue to operate the tramway as a mineral railway , with no funds and no rolling stock of its own , the O & AT was unable to operate the line .
The filming finishes with the title being changed to Bride of the Monster , but Dolores breaks up with Ed after the wrap party because of his circle of friends , his work , and transvestism .
The termination of the Kwinana Freeway at Canning Highway meant that the highway would be part of the main link between Perth and Kwinana , along with the freeway and Stock Road .
Produced by the band members with the participation of Jamaican reggae artist Mikey Dread , Sandinista !
 The Clash 's involvement with Jamaican musical and production styles has inspired similar cross @-@ cultural efforts by bands such as Bad Brains , Massive Attack , 311 , Sublime and No Doubt .
He watched Charles Blondin traverse Niagara Falls by highwire , and stayed for three days with President James Buchanan at the White House .
However , in the winter of 1871 , a brush with death led to an improvement in both Edward 's popularity with the public and his relationship with his mother .
The version originally appearing on Origin was later included on Fallen , featuring piano with backing strings .
The seeds are separated by a sturdy dark brown seed separator that is roughly the same shape as the seeds with a depression where the seed body sits adjacent to it in the follicle .
It is so packed with references and inside jokes and the ending is so bizarre that a lot of people didn 't understand it . "
About this time Holden was introduced to the writings of Walt Whitman and became friends with James William Wallace and a number of the members of Bolton 's Whitman society known as the " Eagle Street College " .
The first two series was shot with a Fujifilm stock .
However , she was not pleased with the make @-@ up process which took between four and five hours to apply , and required each actress to be sprayed with green make @-@ up over their whole body .
The river crossing was fortified with stockades .
These early studies eventually settled on an aircraft with a 2 @,@ 000 nmi ( 3 @,@ 700 km ) ferry range , Mach 1 @.
Heavier weapons loads could be carried with further reductions in range .
 The TSR @-@ 2 was also to be equipped with a reconnaissance pack in the weapons bay which included an optical linescan unit built by EMI , three cameras and a sideways @-@ looking radar ( SLR ) in order to carry out the majority of its reconnaissance tasks .
The ship arrived at City Point , Virginia on 3 November for service with the James River Flotilla .
@ 8 t ) with a full combat load .
CIS combined the motion data with the Massive software package to generate the interactions of the digital pedestrians .
Accordingly , at his funeral , the coffin of the tenth president of the United States was draped with a Confederate flag , the only former president ever to be buried and honored ceremoniously under a foreign non @-@ US flag .
For example , because of its resistance to molten zinc , both pure molybdenum and molybdenum / tungsten alloy ( 70 % / 30 % ) are used for piping , stirrers and pump impellers that come into contact with molten zinc .
Very young plants begin with their first two to four leaves having two or three lobes , but then have narrow elliptic leaves with entire margins , measuring 6 @.
To deal with long @-@ run financial issues , he sought to cultivate relationships with donors and corporate partners .
 3 Splash opens with the first interlude , 09 : 00AM , which is an instrumental piece with " groovy " DJ spins and scratches .
It is usually found in open forests dominated by spotted gum with ironbarks and stringybarks such as Eucalyptus crebra and E. melanophloia , with a light shrubby understorey , and less often in dry open forests and woodlands dominated by Angophora , Acacia , Banksia , Casuarina or Callitris .
Andrade was previously in a relationship with fellow professional wrestler Sarah Stock while Stock worked in Mexico for a number of years .
He would later report to the WWE Performance Center to begin his WWE career , focusing initially on improving his English language skills with the help of Sarah Stock , a WWE trainer who worked for CMLL for almost a decade .
 Various types of ammunition could be used for different purposes : plain spherical shot of stone or iron smashed hulls , spiked bar shot and shot linked with chains would tear sails or damage rigging , and canister shot packed with sharp flints produced a devastating shotgun effect .
The port pieces proved particularly efficient at smashing large holes in wood when firing stone shot and were a devastating anti @-@ personnel weapon when loaded with flakes or pebbles .
Artefacts of all sizes were supported with soft packing material , such as old plastic ice cream containers , and some of the arrows that were " soft like cream cheese " had to be brought up in special styrofoam containers .
As the ship was intended to function as a floating , self @-@ contained community , it was stocked with victuals ( food and drink ) that could sustain its inhabitants for extended periods of time .
During passive conservation , the ship structure could for practical reasons not be completely sealed , so instead it was regularly sprayed with filtered , recycled water that was kept at a temperature of 2 to 5 ° C ( 35 to 41 ° F ) to keep it from drying out .
During the first phase , which lasted from 1994 to 2003 , the wood was sprayed with low @-@ molecular @-@ weight PEG to replace the water in the cellular structure of the wood .
During the winter of 1391 – 1392 , he entered into secret negotiations with the King of Hungary Sigismund , who was planning a campaign against the Turks .
The new Ottoman sultan Bayezid I pretended to have peaceful intentions in order to cut off Ivan Shishman from his alliance with the Hungarians .
The opening of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Bridge , along with another bridge in nearby Moundsville was thought to have reduced the amount of traffic , and thus tolls collected by the nearby Bellaire Bridge by up to 50 per cent in 1987 .
Scattered in the 19th century by clashes with white settlers and soldiers and through forced removal to distant reservations , some of the Paiutes eventually returned to Harney County .
Appendix II seeks to preserve favorable conservation status in animal and plant species along with their habitats by protecting the species or defining special areas of conservation .
In March 2015 , Borobudur Conservation Center proposed further to seal the stairs with rubber cover .
 During Borobudur excavation , archeologists discovered colour pigments of blue , red , green , black , as well as bits of gold foil , and concluded that the monument that we see today — a dark gray mass of volcanic stone , lacking in colour — was probably once coated with varjalepa white plaster and then painted with bright colors , serving perhaps as a beacon of Buddhist teaching .
1 ] After exchanging bodies with her , his personality and Nanako 's feminine appearance causes his popularity to soar .
 Early on , it became clear that most of the division 's Muslim Albanian members seemed to be interested only in settling scores with their Christian Serb adversaries , who became the target of numerous atrocities .
Gwen Orel of The Wall Street Journal further described their performance during a review of that episode of the show : " He 's in a fedora , and she 's got a cute short swingy sheer skirt , with thigh high stockings and a garter belt , and a sheer purple blouse .
Kong returned to settle the score with Del Rey two months later at Hate : Chapter II on July 23 .
 Halkett designed a waterproof cloak made from an early form of Macintosh cloth , cotton impregnated with India rubber by using naphtha as a solvent .
 Rolling Stone writer Christian Hoard summarized the record and the mixed reviews simply as " DeLonge yanks heartstrings with so @-@ so results " and saw the atmospheric elements as excessive .
The hillside around the complex has been planted with California Live Oak ( Quercus agrifolia ) trees .
Runaway " features a piano @-@ based motif comprising a series of sustained descending half and whole notes , with a coda that incorporates light strings and vocoder @-@ singing by West .
While exact figures are not available for Imperator Alexandr III , it is probable that the ship was approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as she and her sisters were overloaded with coal and other supplies ; all of which was stored high in the ships and reduced their stability .
 The hilltops are covered in heathland of gorse , heather , bracken and thorn with plantations of conifer .
The motte has a flat top with two large and two small mounds , which may be sites of towers , at the edge .
The 250 lb ( 110 kg ) Mark IX DC with Torpex filling dropped in sticks of four to eight , anywhere from " point @-@ blank altitude " and within 150 ft ( 46 m ) of the target , proved decisive .
The road behind him , however , was packed with vehicles , and a crucial bridge on the only reasonably good road back had accidentally been demolished .
 In 1996 a team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Boston University , with backing from Draper Labs , created a small fully autonomous flying robot that repeatedly and correctly mapped the location of all five of the toxic waste drums , and correctly identified the contents of two from the air , thereby completing approximately seventy five percent of the mission .
The IARC was first established with seed money for logistics and a grand prize that was backed by the Association .
Don Calogero sent truck caravans loaded with all the basic food commodities necessary for the Italian diet rolling northward to hungry Naples , where their cargoes were distributed by Genovese 's organization .
His mouth was always open , with his lower lip hanging out .
In Thessalonica and various towns of Anatolia and Syria , the Blues and Greens were settling their differences with open conflict .
Hahn cultivates an antagonistic relationship with Burke 's former protégée Cristina Yang , refusing to let her scrub in on surgeries , and constantly criticizing her overly enthusiastic behavior .
The Galenian newspaper reported that the blockhouse was finished on May 22 , 1832 , with the stockade completed several days later .
After producing an electric guitar @-@ heavy version of " Tell Me Where It Hurts " , Garbage recorded a second mix of the track with more emphasis on the strings and recruited their former touring bassist , Daniel Shulman , to perform bass guitar on the song .
A reviewer for Instinct wrote " this hits collection is loaded with songs best described as massive ... you 'll find something to love here " .
This was used to test bombs loaded with explosive ( but with inert detonators ) to make sure the explosives used were not shock sensitive and would not prematurely detonate upon impact with the target .
A total of 76 Disneys were dropped on Heligoland , loaded with a variety of explosive charges , composed of shellite , RDX , TNT or Picratol .
s " incredible pop melody " and " off @-@ kilter backing of squelching electronics and sub @-@ bass " and observed how her instrumentation " has also uniquely managed to calm down Aguilera 's usual attention @-@ all @-@ shipping vocal approach into something weirder : dead @-@ eyed , thickly smeared with dubby echo " .
Despite producing at a point @-@ per @-@ game in the AHL with Stockton , at the conclusion of the year , Raymond was placed on waivers by the Calgary Flames on June 29 , 2016 , and was bought @-@ out from the final year of his contract the following day .
Further experiments show that seedlings of outcrossing with plants greater than 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) apart are more vigorous and adaptable , suggesting that plants breeding within small fragmented populations are subject to reduced vigour and genetic inbreeding .
During the 1650s when Cromwell was Lord Protector the colony benefited from the relationship he had cultivated with Cromwell during the civil war .
Many Irish people had emigrated to England since the Great Famine of 1849 , but met widespread prejudice and persistent associations with criminality and drunkenness .
 Some men use the baths as a cheaper alternative to hotels , despite the limitations of being potentially crowded public venues with only rudimentary rooms and limited or non @-@ existent pass out privileges .
 Sensing weakness in Britain 's handling of the mutiny , extreme Indian revolutionaries began to court overseas sepoys more aggressively , and cultivated a friendship with Japan for the overthrow of the British in India .
This calamity coincides with the arrival of a large pack of smaller raptors known as Deinonychus .
It 's small , it 's smart and it 's jammed with information and ideas that inspire hope and motivate action . "
These typically start near the center of vision and then spread out to the sides with zigzagging lines which have been described as looking like fortifications or walls of a castle .
 At the end of the war in Europe , on Victory in Europe Day , Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret mingled anonymously with the celebratory crowds in the streets of London .
He made his debut in a 1 – 0 home defeat to Forest Green on 8 August 2015 and scored his first goal with a looping header from a James Lawrie cross in the 29th @-@ minute of a 2 – 1 home victory over Tranmere Rovers on 29 August .
 Bernold of St Blasien writes that Duke Welf of Bavaria prevented a conference that Emperor Henry IV " had arranged with the king of the Hungarians " in December 1092 .
According to the version recorded in the Illuminated Chronicle , Ladislaus spotted a pagan warrior fleeing from the battlefield with a captive Hungarian maiden .
 The MAS gained increasing popularity as a protest party , relying largely on widespread dissatisfaction with the existing mainstream political parties among Bolivians living in rural and poor urban areas .
Clark was betrayed and captured by a German patrol in December 1944 whilst trying to hide in a haystack with four partisans .
Throwing grenades and spraying the area with burp gun fire , the North Koreans quickly overran the position .
Large numbers of vehicles loaded with soldiers were moving down the road to the rear .
Assigned larger @-@ than @-@ normal frontages to defend along beaches that were ill @-@ suited for defence , the 22nd and 27th Brigades were spread thin on the ground with large gaps in their lines .
As the Autobots have reinforced their position on Earth , the Decepticons lure them into a trap by planting disinformation about a Decepticon trap with the help of Sunstreaker , who is convinced that he is in fact helping Starscream kill Megatron .
It shows Area 52 with the clock stuck at 5 : 02 p.m. , where Silence are kept in stasis and River Song is wearing an eye patch in the same fashion as Madame Kovarian .
 Haywood complained that John D. Rockefeller was " wielding more power with his golf sticks than could the people of Colorado with their ballots . "
The Hrillekha @-@ matrika @-@ nyasa , a more specialized form of Matrika @-@ nyasa , combines the installation of " most powerful set of all letters ( Matrikas ) " with the seed syllable Hrīṃ of Goddess Bhuvaneshvari .
The film 's team also invited Twitter users to upload photos of themselves with their fathers to celebrate " Fathers ' Day Week " , beginning 15 June 2014 .
Unlike his previous albums , Stone co @-@ produced with James Stroud , except on the track " Dream High " , which Stroud produced with Tom Bahler and Bruce Swedien .
The road then proceeds straight east , forming the boundary between Miami Lakes and Country Club , soon interchanging with Northwest 67th Avenue .
The Canadian leg of the ' Waking Up the World ' Tour kicked off in Sydney , Nova Scotia on January 13 , 1992 , and wrapped up with a standing room only concert in Vancouver , British Columbia , on January 31 .
A scene between Oliver and Miriam Karlin ( Connie Williams ) at the café was re @-@ mounted several times when Karlin repeatedly " upstaged " Oliver , changing the arrangement of the scene with the result that the other actor 's face was hidden from the camera .
Moving into the Cockettes ' communal residence , he soon found the flat too crowded and had difficulty with the lack of privacy ; after a year he moved into a new house on Market Street with two fellow Cockettes .
That year , he also entered into a relationship with an architect named Rick Cramner , and together they moved into a new apartment in the hills , where Sylvester decorated his powder room with posters and memorabilia of Divine , the drag queen , actor and singer whom he had briefly known when they were in The Cockettes .
If the bottles were hung from the ceiling with string , and the floor caved in , and the only thing that kept everyone up was the bottles ?
 " Climbing Up the Walls " – described by a critic as " monumental chaos " – is layered with a string section , ambient noise and repetitive , metallic @-@ sounding percussion .
That 's how we deal , that 's how I deal with stuff , I bury it . "
Although the song was abandoned , its first title stuck with the band ; according to Jonny Greenwood , " [ it ] started attaching itself and creating all these weird resonances with what we were trying to do . "
These pack horses were crossbred with Andalusian and Barb blood , and later with Arabians and Thoroughbreds , to create the Cleveland Bay of today .
He then opened negotiations to resolve the issue with a financial settlement .
Afterwards , Jackson 's maid , Branca Francia , alleged that she " quit in disgust " after seeing Jackson in a shower with a child , but did not inform the police .
 On January 25 , 1994 , the Chandlers ' lawsuit was settled out of court with $ 15 @,@ 331 @,@ 250 to be held in a trust fund for Jordan , $ 1 @.
It also noted " an insurance carrier has the right to settle claims covered by insurance where it decides settlement is expedient and the insured may not interfere with nor prevent such settlements " , as established by a number of precedents in California .
In 2006 , Jordan accused Evan of attacking him with a barbell , choking him and spraying his face with Mace .
 The Guardian 's Michael Cragg described " Sexxx Dreams " as a " Vanity 6 @-@ esque strut " , and dubbed it and " Do What U Want " , " futuristic , electro @-@ tooled R & B slow jams with delicious choruses " .
Ashley Percival of The Huffington Post wrote of her performance : " ' Sex Dreams ' made 2009 's ' LoveGame ' with its disco stick look like a nursery rhyme , as she delivered its racy and oh @-@ so @-@ Gaga lyrics . "
 In August 1855 , Jacob Green , a slave owned by Parsons , escaped from Wappocomo farm with four other slaves from neighboring plantations .
Although Ruby eventually reveals herself as a traitor , Kripke wrote her final scene with the intention of depicting Ruby as " the opposite of evil " and to show that Ruby does care about Sam , despite her manipulation of him to free Lucifer ; Kripke explained that , in Ruby 's mind , she had to lead Sam down that path because " it was for his own good " .
She was not as concerned with how Ruby was received by the audience — stating " if people don 't like her , they don 't like her " — as much as she was with using her performance to " answer questions " about Ruby and her relationship with the Winchester brothers , such as why Sam and Dean were continuing to work with Ruby in the fourth season .
Further support was offered by more distant forts that could land shells in the anchorage and most importantly by the geography of the bay , which was scattered with complicated shoals and rocks that made navigation difficult for unfamiliar sailors .
 Sessions for the album also saw Timberlake collaborating with Rick Rubin and will.i.am , the latter himself a member of the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas , whose 2003 single " Where Is the Love ? "
 Actor Chris Rock recommended producer Rubin to Timberlake , who considered the idea and discussed it with Rubin when he saw him at a music festival in Coachella , California .
Robert Christgau of Rolling Stone found Timberlake 's " best new " songs " thrilling " , although " some of the up @-@ tempo stuff flirts with mechanical muscle @-@ flexing " and " Losing My Way " is a " well @-@ meaning " but " clueless embarrassment . "
The naval contingent , Special Task Force B under the command of Lieutenant Commander W. M. Rankin , consisted of 12 HDMLs equipped with jamming gear , radios and radar @-@ reflecting balloons .
An electric service with jointly owned rolling stock started on the H & CR on 5 November 1906 .
 The Met opened with no stock of its own , with the GWR and then the GNR providing services .
 After electrification , the outer suburban routes were worked with carriage stock hauled from Baker Street by an electric locomotive that was exchanged for a steam locomotive en route .
The first order was only for motor cars ; half had Westinghouse brakes , Metro @-@ Vickers control systems and four MV153 motors ; they replaced the motor cars working with bogie stock trailers .
After the Met became part of London Underground , the MV stock was fitted with Westinghouse brakes and the cars with GEC motors were re @-@ geared to allow them to work in multiple with the MV153 @-@ motored cars .
The original design called for 12 pump stations with 4 pumps each , but Pump Station 11 was never built .
As of December 2006 , only five stations were operating , with Pump Station 5 held in reserve .
In the background between the hillside and the shakos is a crowd with torches : perhaps onlookers , perhaps more soldiers or victims .
The first chorus begins at 47 seconds with the strings and harp re @-@ entering while Rhys sings the words " You 've got to tolerate all those people that you hate , I 'm not in love with you but I won 't hold that against you " twice without the use of a vocoder .
The band agreed and contributed three songs to the compilation , with James recording them all for free .
 Minutemen originally recorded an " album 's worth of material " with James in November 1983 in Radio Tokyo Studios .
 The band wrote almost two dozen more songs for a second recording session with James in April 1984 .
Abd al @-@ Rahman 's economic activity , and the resulting wide range of contacts with merchants and owners of pump @-@ schemes for irrigating cotton fields , gave him influence among Sudanese engaged in commerce .
He is said to have risen with the crowd after gladiatorial matches and given unrestrained praise to the fighters , and he was criticized for not leaving the arena during the executions as was the custom among the noble classes .
On June 27 , 2009 , the tribute video was uploaded with a dance routine for " Ben " , " I 'll Be There " , and " We Are the World " .
After two days of detention in the Light Horse Guards Barracks , where prisoners suffered beatings with rubber truncheons , Pilecki was sent to Auschwitz and was assigned inmate number 4859 .
In 2003 , the prosecutor , Czesław Łapiński , and several others involved in the trial were charged with complicity in Pilecki 's murder .
In comparison , the Energy Information Administration in 2011 estimated costs to be $ 4 @,@ 700 per kilowatt for conventional nuclear power , $ 4 @,@ 600 for a carbon sequestrationcoal plant and $ 931 at a gas @-@ fired plant or in excess of $ 1 @,@ 800 for a gas @-@ fired plant with carbon sequestration .
Exclusive Xbox 360 downloadable content ( DLC ) including the Mysterion Superhero pack and Good Times with Weapons packs each featuring a unique weapon , outfit , and special attack , and three story @-@ based campaign expansions was announced .
 Historically , California Zinfandel vines were planted as a field blend interspersed with Durif ( Petite Sirah ) , Carignan , Grenache , Mourvèdre , Mission and Muscat .
 At 02 : 45 on 17 April , Castor closed within range of Hautpoult and opened fire , exchanging broadsides with the much larger French ship for 75 minutes and slowing her sufficiently for Pompee to come within range .
This is a saltwater shower building with a dovecote on top .
The site was neglected after the excavation , slowly filling up with vegetation and rubble before being cleared in 1994 .
To consolidate his hold on power , and with a view of supplanting the ruling Macedonian dynasty with his own family , he raised his eldest son Christopher to co @-@ emperor in May 921 , while Stephen and Constantine were proclaimed co @-@ emperors on 25 December 924 .
Today , the Segaran lake cannot be seen any longer as the water had been drained and the lake bed is now filled with human settlements .
According to archeological study , on the south side of this building was another building and a garden whose remain cannot be seen anymore and is filled with settlements .
Today , all of these canals , bridges , lakes , and gardens have been filled with local settlements ; the garden becomes the Kampung Ngadisuryan , the lake becomes the kampung Segaran .
With assistance from the Lone Gunmen , the agents are able to enter the plant with fake identification .
The kitchen walls and fireplace contain irregular stones that were stacked and affixed with a mortar consisting of sand , lime , ash , and water .
Particularly noteworthy is gold forming ionic compounds with rubidium and caesium , in which it forms the auride ion ( Au − ) which also occurs in solvated form in liquid ammonia solution : here gold behaves as a pseudohalogen because its 5d106s1 configuration has one electron less than the quasi @-@ closed shell 5d106s2 configuration of mercury .
 Pure potassium was first isolated in 1807 in England by Sir Humphry Davy , who derived it from caustic potash ( KOH , potassium hydroxide ) by the use of electrolysis of the molten salt with the newly invented voltaic pile .
He rejoined his brigade at Anzac on 8 June but the wound had not fully healed and he was lame , walking with the aid of a stick .
 The name Hilary Bray was that of an old @-@ Etonian with whom Fleming worked at the stock broking firm Rowe & Pitman , whilst Sable Basilisk was based on " Rouge Dragon " in the College of Arms .
The announcement noted that another 2 million trees had been planted in the adjoining " United States Freedom Forest , " with a goal of planting 5 @.
 Reviews of the episode were mostly mixed , calling the storyline " a string of poorly executed jokes with some mild successes sprinkled here and there . "
John Gifford links Adam 's rise with the retirement of James Smith , the most prominent architect of the early 18th century , who was in his 70s by this time .
Later with packing complete , Rachel finally refuses to move as Frank and Alice come by with another pregnancy test .
At the time of filming " The One with the Embryos " , Kudrow was four months pregnant and the writers discussed ways of narrating the pregnancy on the show , settling with Kudrow 's character carrying her brother 's embryos .
The video shows Houston enjoying a day out and hanging out with her friends at the club , and having a massage at a sauna .
@ 3 in ) in diameter that appear to be dusted with sugar @-@ like granules .
The B @-@ 52 's huge fuel load allowed it to operate at lower altitudes for longer times , and the large airframe allowed the addition of improved radar jamming and deception suites to deal with radars .
The weight increase was to allow for takeoff with a full internal fuel load and for external weapons to be carried .
The performance starts with footage of the crowd during the concert cheering before the appearance of Beyoncé .
Ramillies , Offus and Autre @-@ Eglise were all packed with troops and put in a state of defence , with alleys barricaded and walls loop @-@ holed for muskets .
Permanent settlements in the forested area were inevitable with the influx of more settlers , and the first land entry was made in 1814 by John Wren and Hankerson Rude .
Located on Commercial Street across the tracks from the train depot , The Southern Illinois Milling & Elevator Company was incorporated on July 29 , 1891 by Philip H. Eisenmayer , with a capital stock of $ 50 @,@ 000 .
Poplar street , at that time the main drag through town , was crowded with multitudes of persons for its entire length .
Collaborating with songwriters and record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , she drew inspiration from various tragedies reported through news media , exploring racism , poverty , and substance abuse , in addition to themes of romance .
She co @-@ produced the album with Jam and Lewis , while John McClain served as executive producer ; the song " Black Cat " was produced by Jellybean Johnson .
It has been known to beat snakes with sticks in order to protect itself or to get the snake to release an infant .
 Laurer made her WWF debut on February 16 , 1997 at In Your House 13 : Final Four ; her character emerged as a plant from a ringside seat , choking Marlena while Goldust was in the ring with Triple H. Her original role in the promotion was as the laconic enforcer / bodyguard for Triple H and later , his D @-@ Generation X group ( which included Sean " X @-@ Pac " Waltman ) .
They officially split in November 2000 after Chyna , in storyline , found Eddie cavorting in the shower with two other women .
During the fall of 1838 , tensions escalated into the Mormon War with the old Missouri settlers .
The ships were designed to displace 13 @,@ 191 metric tons ( 12 @,@ 983 long tons ) with a standard load , and displaced up to 14 @,@ 218 metric tons ( 13 @,@ 993 long tons ) at full load .
 In the sonnet , the poet writes of why he has stopped showering his muse with flowery praise and adoration .
The poet explains his silence further in line 11 , that the wild birds physically burden the tree branches as well as crowd the air with their songs .
He also noted the song is " filled with faux string bursts and mock- ' 70s synth gurgle ( think Zapp / Gap Band era ) and plenty of treated guitar and bass " .
Several writers for the medley are credited , with Carey having written " Never Too Far " with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , and the latter with Walter Afanasieff .
Director Jim Martin called Sesame Street " an urban show kids could relate to " and " a reality show with a sprinkling of fantasy " .
Loaded with a cargo of wool intended for uniforms , blankets , and overcoats for the military , West Honaker arrived at New Bedford , Massachusetts , on 3 March .
Blockships dispatched from Boston , like West Honaker , were loaded with " tons of sand and cement " before their final U.S. departures .
Each crewman was issued a backpack with K @-@ rations , a special life preserver , and survival equipment .
, by bashing Sabu over the head with a barbed wire wrapped steel chair .
In the beginning the two fought at ringside , until Cage jumped from the top of a padded turnbuckle onto Brown with an aerial splash .
Gloves and a small hairband were also added , as well as a belt , with the handcuffs hanging off of it .
 With the characters spread out across the world , a friend suggested that Martin divide the story geographically into two volumes , of which A Feast for Crows would be the first .
Measures exist to ensure that the committee has a geographic balance amongst its membership — BBRC 's constitution states that it " should attempt to provide a reasonable geographical spread with members having a detailed knowledge of each of the following areas : Wales , Scotland , Northern England , the Midlands , the Southwest and the Southeast of England " .
Foiled by the hacker 's work , SHODAN prepares to seed Earth with a mutagenic virus — the same one responsible for turning the station 's crew into mutants .
The same materials and style were employed on the expansion buildings , but instead of single exterior corridors with rooms to one side , the added wings loaded central corridors with rooms on both sides .
In 1981 , a $ 27 @,@ 000 planned improvement to enhance the trail with stone dust resulted in objections and concerns by locals .
However , the device is not normally used in this mode and port 4 is usually terminated with a matched load ( typically 50 ohms ) .
It is , however , possible with four @-@ ports and this is the fundamental reason why four @-@ port devices are used to implement three @-@ port power dividers : four @-@ port devices can be designed so that power arriving at port 2 is split between port 1 and port 4 ( which is terminated with a matching load ) and none ( in the ideal case ) goes to port 3 .
 The " i " Concept was powered by a 999 cc powerplant with the company 's Mitsubishi Smart Idling ( MSI ) system , which turns off the engine automatically when the vehicle is stationary , and can restart it within 0 @.
Jackson co @-@ wrote the song with its producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , who produced the track .
She also sang the song live at the Grammy Awards of 1987 , wearing an all @-@ black outfit , along with Jam and Lewis and dancers .
The buildings were moved from the former site of the settlement at Ukiivik ( Holsteinsborg ) together with the rest of the settlement .
 With 5 @,@ 598 inhabitants in 2013 , Sisimiut is one of the fastest @-@ growing towns in Greenland , with migrants from the smaller settlements reinforcing the trend .
 Fishing is the principal industry in Sisimiut , with harvested stocks of shrimps , salmon , halibut and cod .
It is thought to be competitive with methanol carbonylation for smaller plants ( 100 – 250 kt / a ) , depending on the local price of ethylene .
In this process , fermentation takes place in a tower packed with wood shavings or charcoal .
The Tiger Moth lifts off again with all hanging on to either the wings or undercarriage , just before Skyship One crashes to the ground and obliterates the evacuated missile base in a chain reaction .
The first pioneers filled these watery areas with branches and brush and proceeded along their trip .
 As well as trying to take over Lassiter 's , Diana also wants to " settle a score with Paul Robinson " .
In a reference to the 1994 Major League Baseball strike , Abe " Knuckleball " Schwartz was shown picketing in the crowd with an " I 'm on strike ! "
 By 6000 BC , the early inhabitants of Mesoamerica were experimenting with the domestication of plants , a process that eventually led to the establishment of sedentary agricultural societies .
 From as early as the Preclassic period , the ruler of a Maya polity was expected to be a distinguished war leader , and was depicted with trophy heads hanging from his belt .
@ 6 ft ) long stick with a notched end to hold a dart or javelin .
Cacao was used as currency ( although not exclusively ) , and its value was such that counterfeiting occurred by removing the flesh from the pod , and stuffing it with dirt or avocado rind .
When the Spanish arrived , Postclassic cities in the highlands had markets in permanent plazas , with officials on hand to settle disputes , enforce rules , and collect taxes .
Walls were coated with plaster , and polychrome designs were painted onto the smooth finish .
Heavy loads were lifted with rope , but probably without employing pulleys .
 Although the archaeological record does not provide examples of brushes or pens , analysis of ink strokes on the Postclassic codices suggests that it was applied with a brush with a tip fashioned from pliable hair .
Contemporary rainforest species composition has significantly higher abundance of species of economic value to ancient Maya in areas that were densely populated in pre @-@ Columbian times , and pollen records in lake sediments suggest that maize , manioc , sunflower seeds , cotton , and other crops have been cultivated in association with deforestation in Mesoamerica since at least 2500 BC .
These were supplemented with a wide variety of other plants either cultivated in gardens or gathered in the forest .
It quickly turned out to be a ruse with Dusty 's intention to allow The Legacy to attack Cena , who was special guest referee .
Shankly was happy at Carlisle which was close to his home at Glenbuck and he had settled in well with almost a guarantee of first team football .
The situation led to " numerous arguments " with the club 's board which , as Kelly records , " was stacked with rugby league men whose interest in football took second place to rugby " .
Coupled with the roar of the crowd , it was designed to intimidate .
 Rosenberg was granted a room in the palace to use for fortune telling , which the king made sure was stocked with alcohol , as they enjoyed drinking together .
 Banksia lemanniana grows as an open shrub or , less commonly , a small tree to 5 m ( 15 ft ) in height , with a spreading habit .
The seeds are separated by a sturdy dark brown seed separator that is roughly the same shape as the seeds with a depression where the seed body sits adjacent to it in the follicle .
He considered it closely related to B. aculeata and B. caleyi , which are smaller , more compact , shrubs with red- or pink @-@ tinged inflorescences .
A study on cultivated plants in South Australia inoculated with P. cinnamomi and P. citricola found B. lemanniana to have an overall low susceptibility overall to both organisms , although 2 @-@ to @-@ 3 @-@ week @-@ old seedlings appeared more vulnerable than 10 @-@ month @-@ old ones .
@ 2 ha ) of farming land near Toongabbie , which he partly cleared and planted with wheat and maize .
Iron entry gates were flanked by limestone piers capped with planter urns .
Wright also dammed a creek on the property to create an artificial lake , which was stocked with fish and aquatic fowl .
One version was a ski mask with the eyes sewn shut .
Liz gets upset about this , calls them out for not inviting her to hang out with them and demands that they apologize to her .
In this episode , Liz Lemon , the head writer for TGS , discovers that Frank , Toofer , and Lutz , along with Pete , do not invite her to hang out with them as they consider her a mother figure .
His three marriages and scattered relationships with foreign women throughout his life reflected his earlier opinions of English women .
 In early 2002 , an article in the Daily Telegraph described the 63 @-@ year @-@ old lord , " dressed in leather trousers and open @-@ necked , pink silk shirts , with a gold chain draped around his neck " .
Each side of the iwan is framed with a huge pishtaq or vaulted archway with two similarly shaped arched balconies stacked on either side .
In the tomb area , wells were dug and filled with stone and rubble to form the footings of the tomb .
Similar rewrites occurred with the characters Ryan James ( Ryan Kelley ) in " Stray " and Tyler Randall ( Reynaldo Rosales ) in " Reaper " .
The effect was accomplished with stock footage , a sound stage and computer generated imagery .
 With a stocky , powerful build , the Exmoor pony is strong for its height , and noted for its hardiness and endurance .
The Grand Tour was celebrated as educational travel when it involved exchanging scientific information with the intellectual elite , learning about other cultures , and preparing for leadership .
Hager began teaming with a multitude of opponents to feud with James and his tag team partner Cassidy James .
 Conspiring with him how to load and bless
Keats characteristically uses monosyllabic words such as " ... how to load and bless with fruit the vines that round the thatch @-@ eves run . "
 With James Beattie unavailable for the playoffs following a red card in the final game of the season against Exeter City , manager Danny Wilson was faced with a selection crisis ahead of the critical games against Stevenage .
Despite McGrady suffering a season @-@ ending injury in February , the Rockets finished with 53 wins and the fifth seed in the Western Conference .
The first suit settled in 1981 with an amount of £ 41 @,@ 000 being paid to Apple by Apple Computer .
 On 9 November , Fraser contacted Whitlam and invited him to negotiations with the Coalition aimed at settling the dispute .
Nonetheless , Whitlam , who began campaigning almost immediately after the dismissal , was met with huge crowds wherever he went ; 30 @,@ 000 people overspilled the Sydney Domain for the official campaign launch on 24 November .
At the house , Angela is horrified by Dwight 's treatment of his Aunt : he consistently speaks to her in a condescending tone , proposes to cut off her worn @-@ out clothing with a utility knife , and " bathes " her by spraying her with a high @-@ pressure water hose like a cow .
After subduing Dwight by spraying him with the hose , Angela insists on washing and grooming Shirley in a more dignified manner .
He was buried in a mound decorated with a stele outside the emperor 's park .
Throughout June to September , day trips were frequent , causing the " town to be crowded with ' the most curious specimens of the British shopkeeper and artisan on an outing ' " .
 The Priory Park with its adjoining Malvern Splash pool and Winter Gardens complex occupies a large area in the centre of the town .
While Tequila goes to assist Chang with the babies , Alan and Mad Dog find themselves in a standoff with a group of patients caught in the middle .
When Terence Chang was making connections to have Woo make films in the United States , Chang found people uninterested and disgusted with the theme of babies being poisoned .
 A distinct feature noted in the entire temple complex is the stucco style embellishments built with brick masonry and finished with plaster .
He avoided punishment , and continued his studies by using the skills gained from his cultivated upbringing in his negotiation with the university 's administrators , who had wanted to expel him .
The parties settled out of court in January 2011 , with details of the settlement remaining confidential .
A paradoxical aspect of this problem is that those most burdened may not be able to participate in the studies : " It is usually those women with the heaviest work loads who choose not to participate in these studies . "
@ 2 square kilometres ( 13 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 sq ft ) , which includes both elite and commoner residences , with outlying settlements located for several kilometers to the north and east , with one residential group associated with agricultural terraces being situated 2 km to the north of the site .
@ 14 sq mi ) and includes 32 structures on a 40 @-@ metre ( 130 ft ) high artificially landscaped hill , with a number of other structures scattered through the surrounding area .
@ 16 sq mi ) area , but this includes less structures than at Trinidad , with small residential groups widely scattered on hilltops around the site core .
The site is located in an area of savanna with poor soils considered unsuitable for the growing of maize , somewhat at odds with the settlement density of the site .
The conventional undercarriage was fixed with rubber shock absorbers .
In the Sweet Sixteen round they were ousted by third @-@ seeded Oklahoma State and finished with a 22 – 10 record .
The team entered the 2014 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament with a number twelve seed where it defeated a ( # 15 AP Poll – # 14 Coaches ' Poll ) Cincinnati team that was seeded fifth .
She 's wearing a short dress with pumps , but she 's surprisingly without her facial lightning bolt , crystal staff or orbiting head piece ( as seen on her Ellen appearance ) .
Although passenger services have operated along the lines since 1864 , the commuter train was created with an increase of service with existing rolling stock in 1993 .
NSB will need to replace the rolling stock in the 2010s , and want to coordinate the new stock with electrification .
Most migration was of the chain form , with early settlers giving reports and recommendations ( and travel money ) to relatives and friends in Sweden , who followed the same route to new homes .
Simple recipes are made interesting with the use of hash seeds " Jakhiya " as spice .
Kala concluded that the Valley of Flowers is endowed with 520 species of higher plants ( angiosperms , gymnosperms and pteridophytes ) , of these 498 are flowering plants .
 In Bengal , Ganesha on Durga Puja is associated with a plantain ( banana ) tree , the " Kola Bo " ( also spelled Kalobou or Kolabau ) , ritually transformed into a goddess during the festival .
 On the first day of Durga Puja the Kala Bo is draped with a red @-@ bordered white sari and vermilion is smeared on its leaves .
 The re @-@ release of " All You Need Is Love " rewarded The JAMs with further praise , including NME " single of the week " , in which Danny Kelly thought that " its maverick requisition of the hip @-@ hop idiom , its fanatical confrontation of copyright laws overrun by music 's new technologies , its central subject matters and its termination with the year 's most incisively searching question — ' 1987 : what the f * * k 's going on ? '
As with much of The JAMs ' graffiti , the potency of " Shag Shag Shag " was derived from the context it in which it was placed .
The JAMs actively enshrouded themselves with the mythology of the conspiratorial Illuminatus !
 Bavetta had another altercation with Strom when Strom tried to choke Bavetta during halftime of an NBA game in 1989 for allegedly siding with the home crowd .
A backpack choreography scene with LXD recalls Usher 's 1997 video for " You Make Me Wanna " .
The Indians ' victory over St. Clair had become a part of their lore and inspired them to continue the fight against the western settlers ; Wayne 's construction of a fort on this site was a blow to the Indian psyche , and his re @-@ burial of some 600 skulls that the Indians had dug up and scattered across the area was popular with Kentuckians , since many of their own were among the dead .
The Gallery is hung with numerous works including some by Rembrandt , van Dyck , Rubens and Vermeer ; other rooms leading from the Picture Gallery are the Throne Room and the Green Drawing Room .
The letter reported that a brigantine , loaded with coffee and West Indian indigo from La Guaira , was boarded by pirates on June 12 .
Easily accessible from Cabo Rojo , Mona had been associated with pirates for more than a century ; it was visited by William Kidd , who landed in 1699 after fleeing with a load of gold , silver and iron .
The first was the Boniton , captained by Alexander Murdock , which sailed with a load of cocoa from Trinidad and was intercepted en route to Gibraltar .
That week , the Neptune captured a Danish schooner belonging to W. Furniss ( a company based in Saint Thomas ) off the Ponce coast with a load of imported merchandise .
Cofresí confessed to capturing a French sloop in Vieques ; a Danish schooner ; a sailing ship from St. Thomas ; a brigatine and a schooner from the Dominican Republic ; a sloop with a load of cattle in Boca del Infierno ; a ship from which he stole 800 pieces of eight in Patillas , and an American schooner with a cargo worth 8 @,@ 000 pieces of eight ( abandoned and burned in Punta de Peñones ) .
Each Ju 87 was loaded with 550 @-@ lb bombs under the main fuselage and four 11 @-@ lb bombs and two under each wing .
The cloud over the target ruined the German bomb run , and some bombers began the return trip with their loads still on board .
Lyrically , the song follows Carey as she moves on from her relationship with an unfaithful lover , packing her things and breaking up with him over an answering machine .
However his season again ended early when he pulled his hamstring during the draw with Brentford .
With Bob Rush on the mound for Chicago , Roberts managed a walk and was replaced on base by Caballero , who promptly took second base on a hit and run groundout by first baseman Eddie Waitkus .
It is characterized by its small to medium @-@ sized fruit bodies that have white to pale gray caps crowded with roughly conical , pyramidal , or irregular gray warts .
Hilliard collaborated with James B. "
 One full @-@ page colour plate ( pictured ) illustrated a range of puddings , showing jelly , raspberry cream , a centre dish piled high with fruits , a trifle , and an ornamental flowerpot containing a strawberry plant .
 Matangi is often worshipped with the mantra syllable Aim , which is associated with Sarasvati and is the seed @-@ syllable of knowledge , learning and teaching .
It is likewise said that it is possible to make a person one 's slave by feeding him or her the ashes of a crow whose stomach was stuffed with a conch and burnt in a cremation ground while repeating the goddess ' mantra .
In order to illustrate the aftermath after the destruction scenes , Parker and Stone smudged the paper sets with their fingerprints and stains to make them look like scorch burns .
The Hungarians , led by Stephen II , then invaded Byzantium 's Balkan provinces in 1127 , with hostilities lasting until 1129 The Hungarians attacked Belgrade , Nish and Sofia ; John , who was near Philippopolis in Thrace , counterattacked , supported by a naval flotilla operating on the Danube .
It was mentioned that the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite was supported by the President along with the James Webb Space Telescope , in a White House Fact Sheet about the 2015 White House Astronomy night .
The Zoological Gardens opened in 1839 with a collection of stock zoo animals including lions , tigers , monkeys , bears and an elephant .
He runs into the ring and chastises the crowd with an impassioned monologue about how professional wrestling has ruined real wrestling , and the downward spiral his life has taken since it cost him his job ( as well as everything else ) .
The crowd begins to sympathize with him , angrily chanting , " They took his job ! "
He returned to the 1999 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament as an eighth seed with Missouri , but lost 61 – 59 in the first round to the New Mexico Lobos men 's basketball team .
Man @-@ made hills were constructed which , along with the planting of 250 @,@ 000 new trees , helped to camouflage the motorway from view , and cut down on the noise level .
There , Taylor got into an altercation with Jamie Morris , Wilson 's friend , and Taylor fell on his shoulder .
She and her sister ship , Musashi , were the heaviest battleships ever constructed , displacing 72 @,@ 800 tonnes at full load and armed with nine 46 cm ( 18 @.
Yamato 's main guns were loaded with Beehive shells fused to explode one second after firing — a mere 1 @,@ 000 m ( 3 @,@ 300 ft ) from the ship — but this had little effect .
He purchased and insured the ship Nightingale and loaded it with a valuable cargo of pewter and linen .
It has hot and cold running water , with showers and toilets , in an adjacent building .
On 5 November , Cẩn sought refuge at the US consulate with a suitcase crammed with US currency .
Bill Oakley has said that he felt that the episode would have failed had they stuck with the Van Houtens for the third act and most of the other writers also felt that it was the right move .
The " Power " video commences with a portrait @-@ view headshot of West staring intensely into the camera with illuminated eyes and wearing a large , low @-@ hanging gold chain necklace with an equally large pendant of Horus .
An exception is Tsugumi , as the Cure virus has made her immune ; the group injects themselves with her antibodies .
Blick Winkel travels to 2017 , and wakes up Takeshi on the seafloor , forcing him to swim to IBF ; inside , he injects Coco with Tsugumi 's antibodies .
During the Angels Advocate Tour , the song was paired with Love Hangover by Diana Ross , and performed in a mash @-@ up , the same as she did in VH1 Divas in 2000 .
 Before departing Singapore , the Japanese ships , which were designated the Completion Force , were loaded with supplies of oil and other important raw materials .
During their voyage from Japan , each of the battleship @-@ carriers was loaded with about 1 @,@ 000 short tons ( 910 t ) of munitions for the units defending Manila in the Philippines .
The goal of this operation was to return some of the IJN warships in the Southwest Pacific to Japan loaded with important supplies .
During the Completion Force 's period at Singapore all six ships were loaded with supplies and Ise received temporary repairs .
Ise was loaded with 5 @,@ 200 drums of aviation gasoline and 551 oil workers ; each of the battleship @-@ carriers also embarked 1 @,@ 750 short tons ( 1 @,@ 590 t ) of rubber , 1 @,@ 750 short tons of tin and 200 short tons ( 180 t ) of other metals .
Ōyodo was loaded with 120 short tons ( 110 t ) of tin , 70 short tons ( 64 t ) of tungsten , 70 tons of aviation gasoline , 50 short tons ( 45 t ) of rubber , 40 short tons ( 36 t ) of zinc and 20 short tons ( 18 t ) of mercury .
She tells them both she will not kill herself , and after settling old feuds with Dot , Stacey and Sharon , Peggy receives a vision of Pat .
 Windsor has described Peggy as " from the old school , the generation which doesn 't put up with rubbish from anybody ... She can get through practically anything because she 's tough , tough , tough . "
Itchy Brother performed together until 1982 , with James Harrison replacing Martin from 1973 to 1976 .
It was followed in October 2011 by Dixie Lullabies on the Red Dirt label , which the band recorded at the Practice House after touring with Jamey Johnson .
Although the zebra mussel invasion was first noted in 1988 , and a mitigation plan was successfully implemented shortly thereafter , the plan had ( and continued to have as of 2005 ) a serious flaw or loophole , whereby ships that are loaded with cargo when they reach the Seaway need not be tested , but all the same they transfer ballast ' puddles ' between Seaway ports .
The crews can bring invasive seeds with them .
 Fire suppression vehicles are often major culprits in such outbreaks , as the vehicles are often driven on back roads often overgrown with invasive plant species .
Many introduced weeds in pastures compete with native forage plants , threaten young cattle ( e.g.
And the chestnut blight fungus ( Cryphonectria parasitica ) and Dutch elm disease ( Ophiostoma novo @-@ ulmi ) are two plant pathogens with serious impacts on these two species , and forest health .
Eurasian watermilfoil ( Myriophyllum spicatum ) in parts of the US , fill lakes with plants complicating fishing and boating .
This research , which has largely consisted of field observational studies , has disproportionately been concerned with terrestrial plants .
Most work was domestic , driven by Germany 's strong economic growth , with a particular strength in power plant construction .
While flying over Funen island he spotted a building with a big Swastika flag draped from a pole .
He resigned from the RCAF in January 1968 and settled in Nova Scotia with his wife and three sons .
A writer for MuchMusic described the clip as " a total and complete visual trip jam @-@ packed with Iggy 's rad dance moves " .
Harper was unhappy that " major plot points like a gay character thinking he might be bi or straight get instigated , sorted out and wrapped up within an hour " , and said she thought it was " hurtful " for Blaine to " accept a date with Kurt 's friend " after he and Kurt had " agreed to sort of work on a potential relationship between the two of them " in the " Silly Love Songs " episode .
Immediately afterwards guards burst into the room and inject Mulder with a syringe .
In his Self @-@ Portrat , Gauguin appears against a red background with a halo above his head and apples hanging beside him as he holds a snake in his hand with what appear to be either plants or flowers in the foreground .
Leaving the Morgantown area , I @-@ 68 again runs eastward , interchanging with WV 43 , which provides access to Cheat Lake and Uniontown , Pennsylvania .
The third track on Rumours , " Never Going Back Again " , began as " Brushes " , a simple acoustic guitar tune played by Buckingham , with snare rolls by Fleetwood using brushes ; the band added vocals and further instrumental audio tracks to make it more layered .
Halliburton reportedly reached agreement on July 20 to allow Cheney to retire , with a package estimated at $ 20 million .
On this album , Shinoda shared a production credit with longtime producer Rick Rubin .
He immediately brought to the team his ability to score , rebound , block shots , and even entertain the crowds with slam dunks .
 In the 2007 – 08 season , Parker remained — despite the signing of Miami 's Jason Kapono — the starting shooting guard for the Raptors , with rookie Jamario Moon completing the wing positions .
 On July 13 , 2009 , Parker signed a two @-@ year , $ 6 million deal with the LeBron James @-@ led Cleveland Cavaliers , a team that had reached the 2007 NBA Finals and 2009 Conference Finals .
 Joehana displayed a sense of humour which was well received by his contemporaries : for instance , the frog chaser Karnadi of Rasiah nu Goreng Patut describes his trips to the rice fields to catch frogs as " going to the office " and the stick with which he kills the frogs as his " pencil " , whereas the Dutchman Van der Zwak of Tjarios Agan Permas uses the most polite register of Sundanese while speaking to his dog .
While Nisha is presented as a pregnant lady with a pillow stuffed belly , Rita is seen in a young man 's get @-@ up which resembles to that of Prem ( Salman Khan ) who is Pooja 's devar ( younger brother @-@ in @-@ law ) .
Trees were snapped and oil tanks were destroyed in this rural area , with oil strewn across pastures and roads .
Gallagher 's compositions were more focused in balladry and placed more emphasis on huge choruses , with the string arrangements and more varied instrumentation on the record contrasting with the rawness of the group 's debut album .
 During a promotional interview in September , the month before the album was released , Noel spoke about the rivalry with Damon Albarn and Alex James from Blur , and was quoted in the 17 September edition of The Observer saying he hoped " the pair of them would catch AIDS and die because I fucking hate them two . "
Scott Mcleod of The Ya @-@ Yas was brought in as his replacement ; though , despite playing a string of gigs with the band and appearing in the video for the " Wonderwall " single , Mcleod was unable to adapt to the frenetic celebrity lifestyle , duly returning to Manchester halfway through an American promotional tour for the album .
The millers also took the opportunity to rebuild with new technology such as dust collection systems .
 Freeway construction had its impact on the city , with neighborhoods disrupted and housing stock lost .
The dorsal coloration is gray , brown , or reddish brown with scattered dark markings : large blotches surrounded by a ring of tiny spots in adults , and pairs of ocelli in juveniles .
 After the coup d 'état which removed Lumumba from power , Kalonji tried to cultivate good relations with the Congolese government .
After being freed from his prison Raynor assists Kerrigan as she storms the Dominion capital of Augustgrad on the planet Korhal After a showdown with Arcturus Mengsk inside his Palace , Kerrigan manages to gain the upper hand with help from James Raynor , and kills Arcturus by overloading his body with psychic energy , causing him to explode spectacularly .
After a showdown with Arcturus Mengsk inside his Palace , Kerrigan manages to gain the upper hand with help from James Raynor , and kills Acturus by overloading his body with psychic energy , causing him to explode spectacularly .
Findlay is known for his charisma and toughness , and by his friendship with James Raynor .
After a showdown with Acturus Mengsk inside his Palace , Kerrigan manages to gain the upper hand with help from James Raynor , and kills Acturus by overloading his body with psychic energy , causing him to explode spectacularly .
In the StarCraft 64 secret mission " Resurrection " , Artanis sends a task force headed by Raynor to inject Stukov with an experimental serum ; the serum reverses the infestation effects and leaves Stukov healthy , albeit embittered .
He has dirty blond hair that is spattered with lighter striations of gray which is swept back in a ponytail to cover a bald spot .
Eventually , as one of the protoss ships was able to break through the zerg blockade , Lasarra was implanted with a special larva and allowed to warp in to that ship .
At some point during its creation , it was secretly enslaved by the fallen Xel 'Naga Amon , who implanted it with a directive to destroy the Protoss and bound the Zerg to a hive mind .
However , supplanting the cerebrate with another entity could allow broods , or other large groups of zerg , to be controlled by non @-@ Swarm agents .
 In Wings of Liberty , Narud and the Moebius Foundation backed Tychus Findlay 's contact with James Raynor as a way to get around an imperial decree from Arcturus Mengsk which made it illegal to traffic in alien goods .
 Ouros was one of the xel 'naga who helped construct the material universe and seed it with life to perpetuate the Infinite Cycle .
While there , Rey finds the lightsaber that previously belonged Anakin and Luke Skywalker , and upon touching it , brushes with the Force .
To prevent the spread of disease , villages were sprayed with disinfectants and their inhabitants were given tetanus shots , among other measures .
After several months of an official Las Vegas Metro Police " Sting Operation " , Matusow was arrested and charged with six category A Felonies , all drug related .
He struck out Willie Wilson with the bases loaded to preserve the win for Steve Carlton and the Phillies , leaping from the mound to embrace catcher Bob Boone on the field at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia .
 Since January 1691 Marlborough had been in contact with the exiled James II in Saint @-@ Germain , anxious to obtain the erstwhile King 's pardon for deserting him in 1688 – a pardon essential for the success of his future career in the not altogether unlikely event of a Jacobite restoration .
, but he continued his correspondence with James , leading to the celebrated incident of the " Camaret Bay letter " of 1694 .
 In 1696 Marlborough , together with Godolphin , Russell and Shrewsbury , was yet again implicated in a treasonous plot with James II , this time instigated by the Jacobite militant John Fenwick .
However , he has gone delusional and survived a year by injecting himself with T @-@ Abyss .
He then injects himself with an overdose of the virus , which transforms him into a new type of Tyrant .
Instead , we get a " replacement Dax " who turns out to be , hands down , the least interesting and most annoying character DS9 has been stuck with . "
He also said that he would relish being in a team with the likes of David James , Andy Cole , and Trevor Sinclair .
Hanson 's final title reign was the only one that did not involve Hawk , as he teamed with The Hangman in Montreal , Quebec to win the Canadian International Tag Team Championship in 1981 .
 Canadian International Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) - with The Hangman
The article went on to describe individual tracks : " And as usual the music is packed with details : " Meet Your Master " goes through at least three cycles of decay and rebirth ; part of the fun of " The Warning " is tracking the ever @-@ mutating timbres . "
Gabe and Markinson infiltrate Rhoemer 's stronghold in Ukraine to inject test subjects with a vaccine and locate Phagan , who is now Rhoemer 's prisoner .
 As an arboreal lizard , it can hang onto branches with its rear legs and occasionally use its tail as a prehensile grip .
The route between the Milburn House and the site of the speech was packed with spectators ; McKinley 's progress by carriage to the fair with his wife was accompanied by loud cheering .
The crowd greeted his speech with loud applause ; at its conclusion , the President escorted Ida McKinley back to her carriage as she was to return to the Milburn House while he saw the sights at the fair .
 Other suggestions for the cover included the group urinating against a Marshall Stack and an overweight nude woman with the Who 's faces in place of her genitalia .
Initially William 's supporters did not have a clear advantage and the Marquis of Hamilton , chosen by William to represent him , only gained the presidency over the Marquess of Atholl , who was associated with James , by a narrow margin .
Australia declared at 6 / 407 and McCool took 0 / 19 in seven overs as Australia wrapped up the tour with another innings victory .
Cochrane attached ships of the line to both divisions , Beckwith sailing in Cochrane 's flagship HMS Pompee , accompanied by HMS Abercrombie with Commodore William Charles Fahie , while Harcourt sailed with Commodore Samuel James Ballard in HMS Sceptre .
In 1888 , Phipps settled with his three youngest children at Chalfont St Giles .
Ocean of Sound begins with three songs by Jamaican dub producer King Tubby , American jazz keyboardist Herbie Hancock , and English electronic musician Aphex Twin , respectively , before transitioning to compositions by Claude Debussy , John Cage , the Beach Boys , and Peter Brötzmann , as well as an audio recording of Buddhist monks .
The valley consisted of open grassland maintained through annual burning by the Atfalati , with scattered groves of trees along the streams .
The facility is primarily a parking garage , but includes lockers and showers for bicyclists along with electric vehicle charging stations .
Through an agreement with the Royal Hungarian Army , his recruiters enlisted more than 16 @,@ 500 ethnic German recruits from Hungary between March and May 1942 .
He concluded further agreements with Hungary and Romania , and imposed on the puppet regimes of the Independent State of Croatia and the Slovak State , to effectively authorise the unrestricted conscription of ethnic Germans in those territories .
The second floor holds three large drawing rooms connected by ornamented sliding doors , whose walls are decorated with plaster rosettes , carved woodwork , black marble mantle pieces and fluted pilasters .
By the end of his trip , the boy has forgotten the initial items requested , and supplants them in his mind with " six clothes pegs , a rake for leaves , a pile of chairs , and don 't forget the bacon . "
 Following the end of the war , New York entered the Operation Magic Carpet fleet , leaving Pearl Harbor on 2 September and arriving at San Pedro on 9 September with a load of veterans embarked .
Uprated electrics with Auxiliary Airborne Power Plant ( AAPP ) ( Auxiliary power unit ) and Ram Air Turbine ( RAT ) .
Another painting , showing a nude Burns , is a callback to a previous episode of the series , " Brush with Greatness " ( 1991 ) , in which Marge produced the painting for Burns .
She further opined that they do not " [ have ] the time to sit and listen through to an album in its entirety " , and credited the rise of digital downloads with promoting a less engaging listening process , where consumers " [ have not ] connected in any way with the band / singer and their hopes for the record . "
It is packed with personal and physical details that evoke 18th @-@ century Paris with startling immediacy . "
It became widely known after being posted on the BBQ Addicts blog , and quickly spread to the mainstream press with numerous stories discussing the dish .
The adjoining land was known as Brierfield since it was largely covered with brush and briers .
Brief informal discussions did take place with Secretary of State William Seward through Supreme Court Justice John A. Campbell .
In numerous stops , he attended Lost Cause ceremonies , where large crowds showered him with affection and local leaders presented emotional speeches honoring his sacrifices to the would @-@ be nation .
Here Casablancas is discussing drug use in order to fit in with the cool crowd .
This was common practice amongst Rodin 's contemporaries , and sculptors would exhibit plaster casts with the hopes that they would be commissioned to have the works made in a more permanent material .
All nudes , these works provoked great controversy and were ultimately hidden behind a drape with special permission given for viewers to see them .
In addition to regular employment , Kimball performed a variety of other local jobs to earn extra income for his wife and children , including playing the piano and singing at local events , stringing with Camilla for local newspapers , distributing for an herbal laxative company , and clerical work for local stores .
The story led many national news broadcasts and was on the front page of most American newspapers , and in most largely Latter @-@ day Saint communities in Utah and Idaho telephone networks were completely jammed with excited callers .
Jagadish meets the leader in a ship , which has been rigged with a bomb planted by Jagadish 's friend .
The final song shoot took place at DY Patil Stadium in Mumbai , with which principal photography wrapped .
These are solutions of salts of heavy metals , such as tungsten , that scatter the electrons from regions covered with the stain .
On Penn State 's ensuing drive , they converted a fourth down and one near midfield prior to a penalty and then a sack setting up a third and long on which Hackenberg threw an incomplete pass , so they were forced to settle with pulling within 7 ; Sam Ficken kicked a 43 @-@ yard field goal .
That stuck with me forever .
During the refit she was re @-@ boilered ; she had been built originally with three stacks , and during the modernization they were trunked into two funnels .
By 1944 , she was severely overcrowded with a total crew of 1 @,@ 997 .
The four aircraft loaded with bombs set one hangar in the seaplane base on fire and hit the destroyer Libeccio with one bomb that failed to detonate .
Over 96 % of undergraduates receive financial aid , with an average financial aid package of $ 11 @,@ 442 and about 70 % of aid distributed in the forms of grants or scholarships .
In company with other units of the Austro Hungarian Navy the class took part in the bombardment of Ancona on May 24 , 1915 .
These included 2 @,@ 313 freight cars loaded with 69 @,@ 390 short tons ( 62 @,@ 950 t ) of supplies .
Among the trains returning to Pusan from the forward area were 38 hospital trains carrying 2 @,@ 581 patients , and 158 freight cars loaded largely with personal belongings taken by unit commanders from their men in trying to strip them down to only combat needs .
Its texts were compiled starting with 7th century and Tibetan translations were completed in 8th century CE .
 Spiders ( order Araneae ) are air @-@ breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs that inject venom .
Spiders use a wide range of strategies to capture prey : trapping it in sticky webs , lassoing it with sticky bolas , mimicking the prey to avoid detection , or running it down .
The earliest spiders had cribella , which produced the first silk capable of capturing insects , before spiders developed silk coated with sticky droplets .
Zhang Rang had previously fled with Emperor Shao ( r .
By the beginning of the Han dynasty , the chief writing materials were clay tablets , silk cloth , and rolled scrolls made from bamboo strips sewn together with hempen string ; these were passed through drilled holes and secured with clay stamps .
With few in the media present , the Warriors ' publicist was tasked this night with being the stringer for the Associated Press ( AP ) , United Press International ( UPI ) , and The Philadelphia Inquirer .
Millers cultivated relationships with academic scientists especially at the University of Minnesota .
Reviewing Yankovic in 2008 , Brian Raftery of Wired magazine wrote that " Ricky " introduced the world to " an accordion @-@ playing spaz with a coif like Rick James and a voice like an urgent goose . "
 " I have been greatly abused , have been obliged to do more than my part in the war , been loaded with class rates , town rates , province rates , Continental rates and all rates ... been pulled and hauled by sheriffs , constables and collectors , and had my cattle sold for less than they were worth ...
Philadelphia Daily News 's Chuck Arnold called the song a " deep house jam with a pumpin ' bass line " .
The ship was designed to displace 5 @,@ 971 metric tons ( 5 @,@ 877 long tons ; 6 @,@ 582 short tons ) at a normal loading , and up to 6 @,@ 932 t ( 6 @,@ 823 long tons ; 7 @,@ 641 short tons ) with a combat load .
It lived in habitats ranging from arid deserts with a few scattered trees to subtropical forests .
A study of fossil pollen showed that much of China was woody shrubland , with plants such as saltbush , mormon tea ( Ephedra ) , and nitre bush ( Nitraria ) , all adapted to arid environments .
 In Baltimore , MD 295 continues as a limited @-@ access freeway maintained by the Baltimore Department of Transportation , still surrounded by trees with urban residential and industrial neighborhoods nearby and interchanging with MD 648 ( Annapolis Road ) and Waterview Avenue just beyond the city line .
The long @-@ running Broadway production of The Pirates of Penzance presented by Joseph Papp , re @-@ orchestrated with synthesisers replacing the strings , was put on record in 1981 .
 The hierarchy of the Wall is introduced with James Cosmo as commander Jeor Mormont , Peter Vaughan as the blind maester Aemon , Owen Teale as the trainer of the new recruits Ser Alliser Thorne , and Francis Magee as the recruiter Yoren .
At the beginning of World War II , the British mandatory government deported the German teachers and turned the compound into a closed military camp with the largest ammunition stockpile in the Middle East .
From 1921 to 1927 , Theodor Schneller resumed management of the orphanage , overseeing the modernization of the property with electrical and sewage installations , as well as new machinery for the various workshops .
In the NCAA Tournament , Temple was seeded fifth and matched up with 12 seed Cornell in the first round .
His debut was as a second @-@ half substitute in a 3 – 3 draw with Stockport County on 22 September 2001 , before he scored his first Grimsby goal a week later away at Bradford City .
In the 1940s , he exchanged gut with steel for the first string and found it easier to play , but reverted to using only gut strings because the steel string altered the sound .
 The Half Day area experienced an economic boom with the arrival of new settlers during the two decades after Wright 's arrival .
 In the village the population was spread out with 26 @.
 In Providence , Rhode Island , lawyer Miranda Green ( Diane Kruger ) takes a lunch meeting with sickly young man James Heath ( Omar Metwally ) .
In the same month , HarperCollins , Hachette and Simon & Schuster settled with both the DOJ and the state attorneys general , with HarperCollins and Hachette agreeing to pay Texas and Connecticut $ 52 million in consumer restitution , leaving Apple , Penguin , and Macmillan as remaining defendants .
Rather than litigate these claims , Apple entered into a settlement agreement in August 2005 after a fairness hearing in the California action , with the settlement terms designed to end the New York action as well .
In 1978 , Apple Corps filed suit against Apple Computer for trademark infringement and the parties settled in 1981 with Apple Computer paying an undisclosed amount to Apple Corps , later revealed to be $ 80 @,@ 000 .
@ 5 million , with Apple agreeing it would not package , sell , or distribute physical music materials .
 In August 2006 , Apple and Creative settled the suit with Apple agreeing to pay Creative $ 100 million USD for the right to implement Creative 's method of sorting songs on the iPod .
Typhoon originally filed the suit in December 2007 against Dell after settling with some smaller companies but , in mid @-@ 2008 , amended its complaint to add Apple , Fujitsu , Toshiba , Lenovo , Panasonic , HTC , Palm , Samsung , Nokia , and LG .
In 2010 , Apple settled with Typhoon for an undisclosed sum and was then dismissed from the litigation as of September 2010 .
Waldron 's stated reasons for settling in Europe were his disgust with the " fierce , cutthroat competition , just to get a job " and the fact that black musicians were paid less than their white counterparts in the U.S.
Later , it brushed Gujarat with heavy rainfall and gusty winds .
The film also connected Stiller with future Frat Pack members Jack Black and Owen Wilson .
He shows up at Linda 's apartment and apologizes for having had her brother killed , but says Linda is partially to blame since she hung around with creeps .
Tom was away from the property at the time , having been sent with two stockmen to collect supplies left en route to Cullin @-@ la @-@ Ringo .
” For the score 's instrumentation , Newman primarily employed a string orchestra with some woodwinds and brass , as well as including piano and hammered instruments that were " appropriate to the time period " , such as dulcimers .
 The period of political crisis had led to widespread disenchantment with the central government brought in by independence .
The league champion is awarded a one @-@ win advantage as well as home field advantage for the entire series , unlike most professional leagues where a 5 @-@ game playoff series runs 2 @-@ 2 @-@ 1 or 2 @-@ 3 or a 7 @-@ game playoff series that runs 2 @-@ 3 @-@ 2 with the higher seed receiving the extra game .
Chef Bobby Flay highlighted one recipe from The Bacon Cookbook , for " Bacon @-@ Wrapped Figs Stuffed With Almonds In Port " , as one of his favorites .
 Chef Bobby Flay highlighted the recipe from The Bacon Cookbook for " Bacon @-@ Wrapped Figs Stuffed With Almonds In Port " as one of his favorites .
@ 61 @-@ metre ( 2 ft ) arms stiffened with hardwoods , horn , bone and cane , and supplied with a stirrup to facilitate drawing the string with a crank and pulley .
Mazariegos entered into protracted three @-@ month negotiations with the Spanish settlers in Coatzacoalcos ( Espíritu Santo ) and San Cristóbal de los Llanos .
Muhammad called upon the pilgrims to make a pledge not to flee ( or to stick with Muhammad , whatever decision he made ) if the situation descended into war with Mecca .
The Subaru 's driver Allen Padelford would occasionally accidentally collide with the vault creating a shower of sparks that inadvertently became useful footage .
Fast Five was listed as the number 1 most illegally downloaded film of 2011 on BitTorrent with approximately 9 @.
Music guide AllMusic awarded the album 3 stars out of 5 , commenting that " The goal here is to accompany a picture that , as usual , is packed with driving sequences involving flashy cars , beautiful , scantily clad women , and muscled men .
Cornell 's farm included two deep gorges which flanked both sides of the early campus , and as the campus developed the gorges remained undeveloped and filled with native plants and wildlife .
Beginning in the early 1970s , the Arboretum was upgraded with new roads and plantings funded by major gifts from oil industry figure Floyd R. Newman , and in 1982 the Arboretum was formally named in his honor ( as were several other buildings and facilities at Cornell over the years ) .
Numerous scientific papers have been published that relate to work done at the Plantations or written by academics affiliated with the Plantations .
Cornell 's academic buildings , which are owned by either the university or New York State ( for statutory college buildings ) , are on a landscaped campus with Plantations ' gardens interspersed among them ; the Plantations maintains four such gardens on Cornell 's central campus .
At times , he collaborated with Gingrich and Lott on deregulation and tax cuts , collaborated with McCain and Phil Gramm on tax cuts and spending restraints , legislated with and campaigned for Joseph Lieberman , and fought poverty with James Pinkerton .
In addition , the levels are regularly strewn with corpses , dismembered body parts and blood , sometimes used in conjunction with the game 's lighting to disorient the player .
 Many reviewers noted that Doom 3 stuck with a similar " run and gun " gameplay style that was successful with its predecessors , and the game was alternately praised and criticized for this element .
On the advice of the Churchills , she refused to side with James after William landed and instead wrote to William on 18 November declaring her approval of his action .
In January 1692 , suspecting that Marlborough was secretly conspiring with James 's followers , the Jacobites , William and Mary dismissed him from all his offices .
He reported that the woods and road ahead were packed with American troops and tanks .
The oil pipeline operators in Midland , Texas had turned off an alarm that would have notified them of the leak as they were dealing with a separate problem with a pump .
The sandstone cliff face along with large boulders that were splashed by the oil coming out of the culvert were difficult to clean .
These two popular parks quickly filled up with summer crowds when they reopened .
The splendid fairywren mainly eats insects and supplements its diet with seeds .
After the fight Dyer entertained the crowd with an operatic song .
Paltothyreus tarsatus is another termite @-@ raiding species , with each individual stacking as many termites as possible in its mandibles before returning home , all the while recruiting additional nestmates to the raiding site through chemical trails .
Mounds located in areas with torrential and continuous rainfall are at risk of mound erosion due to their clay @-@ rich construction .
 The sculptured mounds sometimes have elaborate and distinctive forms , such as those of the compass termite ( Amitermes meridionalis and A. laurensis ) , which builds tall , wedge @-@ shaped mounds with the long axis oriented approximately north – south , which gives them their common name .
While in Europe during the third trip , the ship was decommissioned as a hospital ship in April 1946 and returned to New York with a load of Army and Red Cross nurses , and members of the Women 's Army Corps .
Loaded with permanent ballast of 600 long tons ( 610 t ) of pig iron and 490 long tons ( 500 t ) of concrete blocks , the former hospital ship sat in mothballs for 25 years before being offered for disposal in late 1973 .
Hours later the workers returned with a pump and tried to save her , but her legs were bent under the concrete as if she was kneeling , and it was impossible to free her without severing her legs .
One pilot in particular , Colonel Gabby Gabreski was quoted as saying ; " I 'd rather sight with a piece of chewing gum stuck on the windscreen " and told Johnson that radar " was a waste of time " .
 In April 1975 , a single Jaguar was used to test the aircraft 's rough airstrip capacity , by landing and taking off multiple times from the M55 motorway , the final test flight was conducted with a full weapons load ; the ability was never used in service but was considered useful as improvised runways might be the only runways left available in a large @-@ scale European conflict .
The Obamas danced their first song as Beyoncé Knowles serenaded them with her rendition of the Etta James classic " At Last " .
She has extensive skills with eskrima fighting sticks , small firearms , and batarangs ; she customarily keeps a pair of eskrima sticks stored in the armrests of her wheelchair as a contingency .
The strings of singles concluded with " E " ( August 2015 ) , with the songs " Zutter " ( featuring the subunit of GD & TOP ) and " Let ’ s Not Fall In Love . "
Patty appreciates Skinner 's understanding and his gentlemanly conduct , and if she ever did settle down with a man , she would want it to be with him .
, which can be downloaded with the DSiWare service and uses the DSi 's built @-@ in front camera in its gameplay , and the 2009 Nintendo DS game WarioWare D.I.Y.
From his braggadocio on the phone with Todd Packer ( Packer ! )
It is wet all year round , with rain or drizzle expected on 16 to 19 days of most months .
Travel literature especially flourished : João de Barros , Castanheda , António Galvão , Gaspar Correia , Duarte Barbosa , and Fernão Mendes Pinto , among others , described new lands and were translated and spread with the new printing press .
We really pushed the envelope with some of the stuff we were doing ... [ S ] he was up for anything .
 Pickingill was also known for his purported ability to control animals , namely horses , and it was believed that when he struck a hedgerow with his stick , game animals would run out that could then be caught , killed and eaten .
Hutton also asserted that Liddell 's changing claims would be entirely consistent with a single individual making up stories and changing them as they went along .
Tyler raps with relative innocence about hanging out with his girlfriend , and Syd the Kid muses about moonlight kisses and rooftop sexual encounters .
Chung commented during an interview with FidGit that " Gravity Bone started out very different from what it was and ended up getting scrapped ... so on and so forth until this version came out . "
Several writers for the medley are credited , with Carey having written " Never Too Far " with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , and the latter with Walter Afanasieff .
 In 1886 , Wilson , along with William Dell Perley and James Hamilton Ross , was part of a delegation sent to Ottawa by the North @-@ West Territories to deliver a council @-@ agreed reply to the Speech from the throne .
That 's what happened with William B. Davis as the Cigarette @-@ Smoking Man and with Nick Lea as Krycek , and with Mitch Pileggi as Walter Skinner , and that 's what happened here with James Pickens .
The Organic Laws of Oregon were adopted in 1843 with its preamble stating that settlers only agreed to the laws " until such time as the United States of America extend their jurisdiction over us . "
Economic transactions with the pioneer settlements of Oregon increased greatly , with the number of visiting vessels in 1849 was triple that of the previous eight years .
The negotiations ended with the condition that only sales with settlers would be taxed .
@ 3 m ) high , decorated with 107 pieces of custom @-@ designed furniture , and packed with 300 people for filming .
The red , black , and gold brocade was woven with real gold and silver wrapped around silk thread ; the resulting costume was used for a Betelgeusean ambassador and , at a price of $ 10 @,@ 000 for the fabric alone , was the most expensive costume ever worn by a Hollywood extra .
 Two weeks later , the entire cast and crew joined with studio executives for a traditional wrap party .
Alexis Petridis from The Guardian picked " Objection ( Tango ) " as an example of Shakira 's unusual style of production and opined that it " sounds like the B @-@ 52 's jamming with a wedding reception combo [ sic ] . "
To this end , Massie ordered raids under the cover of darkness , with James Harcus , his second @-@ in @-@ command , leading a raid on the artillery trenches .
These hardships meant that the Royalists arrived at Newbury before Essex , with both armies settling down for the night outside the town , too exhausted to immediately fight .
Nadir 's " De mon amie " which follows the cavatina has , says Dean , " a haunting beauty " ; its introductory phrase recalls the oboe theme in Bizet 's youthful Symphony in C. Dean cites the second act finale , with its repeated climaxes as the crowds demand the errant couple 's deaths , as an example of Bizet 's developing skills in writing theatrical music .
The motor , mounted separately and tethered to a spring , is allowed limited rotation about its own axis ; because the load varied with groove modulations , the increases in drag would thus be dampened by the spring @-@ loaded motor , and the platter acceleration mitigated .
A major problem of the reconstruction was that the ship 's increased draft meant that their waterline armor belt was almost completely submerged with any significant load .
 At Union Station , the cars are loaded onto a train car with the help of Wrench .
Reviewer James Berardinelli also gave the film 3 stars out of 4 , and said that Gray had discovered the right recipe to do a heist movie : " keep things moving , develop a nice rapport between the leads , toss in the occasional surprise , and top with a sprinkling of panache . "
MD 7 heads northeast as a two @-@ lane street through a residential neighborhood with scattered businesses and industrial properties as well as a crossing of Redhouse Creek .
MD 7 leaves the town and passes through a forested area with scattered residences .
When a group of local artists asked her to give an informal show of her work , she displayed only some pieces of cardboard on which she had dabbed her experiments with gray paint .
 In 1911 Brooks became romantically involved with Ida Rubinstein , an actress and dancer formerly with Serge Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes .
In the window behind her , the courtyard is dusted with snow .
 Patio B was filled with a large amount of rubble in order to bring it up to the same level as the pre @-@ existing Patio A , which lies immediately to the west .
All three stages were filled with a rubble core , although the earliest stage consisted of larger pieces than the latter stages .
Afterwards , Goldberg came down to the ring and accepted Jericho 's challenge , and as he was about to perform a spear , Jericho sprayed Goldberg 's eyes with pepper spray .
This followed with Michaels performing a Splash on Flair , in the process breaking the table , which resulted in the enhancement of the body splash .
Whilst also reviewing the second episode , as both episodes are considered a two @-@ parter , Greg O 'Keefe of the Liverpool Echo stated it was " packed with great action sequences , razor @-@ sharp writing and the usual quota of twists and turns .
In a close brush with death , they barely escaped through the doorway in time .
Though well @-@ prepared with fuel stocks and spare parts pre @-@ positioned along the intended route , they had to contend with illness and tropical storms , as well as mid @-@ air engine trouble and fuel leaks .
In 2016 , she co @-@ presented Sport Relief 2016 on BBC One with Greg James .
When the Penguins switched to Mercury Records , the label reissued " Earth Angel " in September 1956 with string accompaniment .
Prior to beginning development , Jarvis injured his right hand in an accident — his hand was still in a cast when he returned to work , which prevented him from using a traditional joystick with a button .
This is because it provides a non @-@ perturbative formulation of string theory with certain boundary conditions and because it is the most successful realization of the holographic principle , an idea in quantum gravity originally proposed by Gerard ' t Hooft and promoted by Leonard Susskind .
 With many physicists turning towards string @-@ based methods to attack problems in nuclear and condensed matter physics , some theorists working in these areas have expressed doubts about whether the AdS / CFT correspondence can provide the tools needed to realistically model real @-@ world systems .
It is similar to string theory , where the excited modes of vibrating strings correspond to particles with higher spin , and it may help to better understand the string theoretic versions of AdS / CFT and possibly even prove the correspondence .
 The mindstate described in the above interview rules the content on the album , as the lyrics are loaded with violent narratives and braggadocio and little else , as Buckshot and 5 ft try to solidify their status in rap .
However , he is considered to have been a descendant of the wave of Cumans that settled in Bulgaria after 1241 , when ethnic conflicts with the Hungarians caused them to leave the Kingdom of Hungary .
Revie began the move , exchanging passes with Clarke , and back @-@ heeling for the unmarked Hayes to sweep the ball past Gil Merrick to put Manchester City ahead .
He then feuded with Cruiserweight Champion Jamie Noble .
When their Sicilian owner protested , Patton attacked him with a walking stick and pushed the two mules off of the bridge .
The foraging efficiency of individuals that had previously foraged with a competitor on cryptic seeds remained low even after the competitor had been removed .
Some species of termites have soldiers that explode , covering their enemies with sticky goo .
The risk is greater in those taking proton pump inhibitors than with H2 antagonists .
The ears are grey with a pinkish tint with scattered black hairs .
In response , Podoloff offered to settle with Spivey for $ 10 @,@ 000 , which he accepted .
Also in the planning stages are high @-@ occupancy toll lanes in between the I @-@ 5 and I @-@ 805 interchanges , and rerouting part of SR 94 east of the junction with Jamacha Boulevard while improving some interchanges .
They were holding St Andrews Castle against the Regent Arran with his eldest son James Hamilton as hostage .
The visitors noted that the chamber was hung with tapestries depicting the Emperor 's victories at Tunis .
The song opens with a section of undistorted single strings and harmonics .
 Metallica was formed in Los Angeles , California , in late 1981 when Danish @-@ born drummer Lars Ulrich placed an advertisement in a Los Angeles newspaper The Recycler , which read , " Drummer looking for other metal musicians to jam with Tygers of Pan Tang , Diamond Head and Iron Maiden . "
Metallica embarked on its first major European tour with Tank to an average crowd of 1 @,@ 300 .
Instead , the band chose to work with producer Rick Rubin .
He said he was sure the band would collaborate with producer Rick Rubin again .
 In an interview at the April 2011 Big Four concert , Robert Trujillo said Metallica will work with Rick Rubin again as producer for the new album and were " really excited to write some new music .
We 've been in the studio with Rick Rubin , working on a couple of things , and we 're going to be recording during the most of next year . "
 Booth worked his way into the company with a string of false claims about his influence , and finally became chairman of the Board of Directors by claiming that it was the only way to avoid Gruban being interned due to his German origin .
Robert Sievier was a well @-@ known horse racing journalist and owner with a reputation for brushes with the law and underhanded dealings , having previously been tried for blackmail and acquitted on a technicality .
The aircraft 's crew observed that the valleys opposite the ANZAC position were " densely packed with Turkish troops " .
 Ziegfeld tries to make a star out of Audrey Dane , who is plagued with alcoholism and lures Fanny Brice away from vaudeville , showering both with lavish gifts .
Time magazine qualified it as " Pretentious , packed with hokum and as richly sentimental as an Irving Berlin lyric , it is , as such , top @-@ notch entertainment . "
Because the Saturn V shared some components with the Saturn IB , some of the components for SA @-@ 500D were initially used for dynamic testing with the Saturn IB stack .
 BP @-@ 27 was used for Saturn IB dynamic testing , shipped to Kennedy Space Center to be a component of SA @-@ 500F , and shipped back to MSFC for full @-@ stack testing with SA @-@ 500D .
It was stacked together with S @-@ IVB @-@ D , S @-@ IB @-@ D , and BP @-@ 27 for Saturn IB testing through much of 1965 .
For 35 days , he dug the ant @-@ hill with a stick to get the snake out and retrieve the earrings .
The pack is structured around a contest with four different activities structured around a Professor Genki theme .
Overall , Ryckert was disappointed with the first two content packs .
Official Xbox Magazine 's Josh Abrams compared the pack to a 1980s film with Torbitson 's narration and praised both the part where a female brute attracts Gat , and the Saints Flow superpower sequence .
It premiered on the same day from the International Space Station , after being launched aboard a spacecraft loaded with scientific experiments and other equipments .
The spacecraft carried a capsule loaded with more than 1 @,@ 200 pounds of scientific experiments , equipment and the first copy of the song .
Martínez was the starting pitcher for the Red Sox , and in the bottom of the first inning , he allowed the Cardinals to load the bases with one out .
Jason Isringhausen came in to pitch for the Cardinals with the bases loaded and nobody out , and was able the finish the inning without allowing a run to score .
He was released from injured reserve with an injury settlement on September 6 .
Banks was second – string with Quinn being the third – string quarterback .
Believe in the Spirit " was praised for avoiding J @-@ pop elements and sticking with its Celtic style , being favorably compared to the theme songs of Xenogears .
She received the star at 6262 Hollywood Blvd , which was unveiled on 17 March 2014 on Saint Patrick 's Day by Winslet with Kathy Bates and James Cameron as guest speakers at the unveiling ceremony .
 The properties of the main ring can be explained by the hypothesis that it contains significant amounts of dust with 0 @.
 The optical properties of the halo ring can be explained by the hypothesis that it comprises only dust with particle sizes less than 15 μm .
The dust probably originates in the main ring , a claim supported by the fact that the halo ’ s optical depth <formula> is comparable with that of the dust in the main ring .
 The detection of the Amalthea gossamer ring from the ground , in Galileo images and the direct dust measurements have allowed the determination of the particle size distribution , which appears to follow the same power law as the dust in the main ring with q = 2 ± 0 @.
Since the small dust particles partially corotate with the planet , they will move outward during the shadow pass creating an outward extension of the Thebe gossamer ring .
@ 5 , but cited " muffled sound effects " in Final Fantasy IV , and was displeased with frequent loading in Chrono Trigger .
 " Long Night 's Journey ... " ( with Brett Mathews and Melvin Rubi , in # 1 , 2001 )
 " Rock and a Hard Place " ( with Brett Mathews and Melvin Rubi , in # 2 , 2001 )
 " Thicker Than Water " ( with Brett Mathews and Melvin Rubi , in # 3 , 2001 )
 " The End of the Beginning " ( with Brett Mathews and Melvin Rubi , in # 4 , 2002 )
The cartridge was loaded with black powder until 1900 when the cartridges began to be loaded with smokeless powder .
The Norwegians were spared and allowed to return home , after being beaten with sticks and surrendering all their possessions .
Around midnight on January 14 , loaded with cannon and 1 @,@ 500 – 3 @,@ 000 troops , American forces crossed over the frozen ice of the Kill Van Kull waterway from Elizabethtown Point on 500 sleds .
The speed at which the flu spread , coupled with the cramped mess decks and poorly ventilated living spaces on early 20th century warships , created a favourable environment for the disease .
 Before becoming extratropical , the storm brushed the coast of Nova Scotia with wind gusts of 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) and moderate precipitation totaling 4 @.
 At around 3 : 20 p.m. on June 23 , 1989 , Sherron King returned from work to her apartment in Washington Terrace , Utah to find the body of her daughter Charla in the bedroom with a nightgown wrapped around her head and panties stuffed in her mouth .
Duane Moyes and James Gaskill of the Weber State College crime laboratory testified that the person who cut the telephone cord with a knife and wrapped it around the neck of the victim was likely the same as the one who left behind fingerprints on the phone .
 To be strapped to a table and injected full of drugs leaves me with a feeling of helplessness ; because I am innocent of the crime for which I was convicted of .
Four of the rifles were loaded with live ammunition .
One was secretly loaded with a wax bullet so that none of the officers would be certain that they fired a deadly shot .
Using a greenscreen , Prime Focus was able to enhance the changing of seasons with computer @-@ generated leaves and falling snow .
Jericho broke it by hitting Punk with a kendo stick .
Punk then celebrated retaining his WWE Championship with his hometown crowd .
To make more room for audience seating , he also used a sound reinforcement system that was not mounted on scaffolding but hung with steel chain above the audience from overhead beams , using chain hoists rigged upside down to raise the loudspeakers from the floor — a now @-@ common method used by licensed riggers .
For Presley 's band rehearsals at Graceland , Jackson would fly some 800 miles ( 1 @,@ 300 km ) from Lititz to Memphis with the back of a small plane loaded with assorted mic stands , cables and monitor loudspeakers .
Finally , Hitler used the purge to attack or eliminate critics of his new regime , especially those loyal to Vice @-@ Chancellor Franz von Papen , as well as to settle scores with old enemies .
He left Neudeck with the intention of both destroying Röhm and settling scores with old enemies .
Once inside Röhm 's cell , they handed him a Browning pistol loaded with a single bullet and told him he had ten minutes to kill himself or they would do it for him .
The consensus states : " Michelle Rodriguez gives a compelling performance , despite lack of a boxing background ; Karyn Kusama packs a punch with this directorial debut . "
In 1900 the company settled with the Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company when a judge 's decision gave " priority broadly " to its founders " for reducing ores and other substances by the incandescent method " .
Bramwell claimed that these modes felt " like they 've been attached with an old stick of glue that 's about as adhesive as baby oil " .
However , Underground 2 features new tricks and gameplay mechanics , like the Natas spin , the ability to plant customized stickers in levels with the " sticker slap " , a slow @-@ motion " Focus " mode , and the ability to earn points by having a tantrum after bailing .
The painting hangs in the Capodimonte with The Misanthrope , as part of the Farnese collection .
Until the early 19th century , the hilly area around Darjeeling was controlled by the kingdom of Sikkim , while the plains around Siliguri were intermittently occupied by the Kingdom of Nepal , with settlement consisting of a few villages of Lepcha and Kirati people .
A popular food in Darjeeling is the Nepalese and Tibetan momo , a steamed dumpling containing meat cooked in a doughy wrapping and served with clear soup and achar .
Other commonly eaten dishes include alu dum , a potato preparation , and shaphalay , Tibetan bread stuffed with meat .
We really pushed the envelope with some of the stuff we were doing . "
Miraculously , for the rest of the tournament I always heard ' zero ' in my ear at the moment I said goodbye ... the whole experience served to confirm my belief that my decision to stick with Test Match Special was the right one . "
 At that time , the Royal Horticultural Society 's Kensington gardens were being designed and planted with vast numbers of greenhouse flowers in mass plantings .
But his work with native British plants did allow him to get away to the countryside , where he " began to get an idea ( which should be taught to every boy at school ) that there was ( for gardens even ) much beauty in our native flowers and trees . "
He also advocated dense plantings that left no bare soil , with the spaces between taller plants filled with what are now commonly called ground cover plants .
Kevin sends a mass text to the right @-@ siders , mocking them as " losers " , and later squirts Meredith with a water pistol .
A single animal 's territory is marked with sizable dung piles found on paths and near eating and resting areas .
After a successful campaign , Edward subjected Wales to English rule , built a series of castles and towns in the countryside and settled them with English people .
The first clause of Westminster II ( 1285 ) , known as De donis conditionalibus , dealt with family settlement of land , and entails .
The gods and other celestial beings shower Rama and Ahalya with flowers and bow to Ahalya , who has been purified through her penance .
Quinn , assessed five minutes for elbowing , was attacked in the penalty box by a fan and Quinn swung at the fan with his stick , breaking the glass .
After all , I was loaded with armor piercing shells , not incendiary shells .
Actors James Caan , Jackson Douglas and Joe Flaherty , along with voice actors James Greene , Phil LaMarr , Kevin Michael Richardson and George Rogan made appearances .
Initially , at least , most had dirt floors , which had to be sprinkled with water to abate dust .
To protect against invasion by rodents , insects , and snakes , the interior walls were often shaved smooth and plastered with lime , or with a mixture of local clay and sand or ashes ; the lower portions of the exterior walls could also be reinforced , with planks or concrete if they were available , or with a second layer of sod to thicken them .
The interior of the sod walls was plastered with a mixture of clay , straw , and hog hair .
In 1915 , the muslin ceiling was replaced with plaster .
Gilmore 's groin ruled him out of action for five months from November of that season , during which Claridge was replaced by Graham Rix , this was after Primus formed a partnership with Jamaican international Darren Moore .
 They released Act of Depression , Cries of the Past , and The Changing of Times with the band 's original vocalist Dallas Taylor .
The band then began working on their Solid State debut , The Changing of Times , with Cries of the Past producer James Paul Wisner .
The parties settled out of court in 1972 for an undisclosed sum , and Koubek said he was pleased with the settlement .
Universal was reported to have " severe words " with the pressing plant .
On recent projects , he has assisted his fellow co @-@ workers with string and keyboard arrangements , in addition to writing his own material .
A large horse transport ship was packed with cedar torches , pitch , dried brush and other combustibles ; above this were suspended cauldrons of sulfur , bitumen and " every sort of material apt to kindle and nourish flame " .
The Romans covered their tortoises ( mobile siege sheds ) with raw hides packed with vinegar @-@ soaked seaweed or chaff , to serve as protection against regular and incendiary missiles .
In 1588 , the English sent fireships loaded with gunpowder , pitch and tar amongst the anchored Spanish Armada ; the Spanish fleet broke formation , setting them up for the later battle .
Though initially thinking Charlie was healthy after the attack , they realize the chimera 's stinger injected him with its larvae , and that he has less than 24 hours to live .
Entertainment Weekly 's Tim Stack was pleased with the performances of Mike O ’ Malley as Burt and Romy Rosemont as Carole ; he also welcomed the episode 's increased focus on Finn , and praised Cory Monteith as a " good , natural actor " .
The oldest fossils are known from the shallow seas around the North Pacific , with animals spreading to the European coasts and Southern Hemisphere only much later , during the Pliocene .
Dry weight concentrations of uranium in food plants are typically lower with one to two micrograms per day ingested through the food people eat .
He became associated with James Watt when Watt 's business partner , John Roebuck , was unable to pay a debt to Boulton , who accepted Roebuck 's share of Watt 's patent as settlement .
When the craze for vases ended in the early 1770s , the partnership was left with a large stock on its hands , and disposed of much of it in a single massive sale to Catherine the Great of Russia — the Empress described the vases as superior to French ormolu , and cheaper as well .
In 1768 Banks sailed with Captain James Cook to the South Pacific , and took with him green glass earrings made at Soho to give to the natives .
 Boulton helped deal with the shortage of silver , persuading the Government to let him overstrike the Bank of England 's large stock of Spanish dollars with an English design .
The film was directed by Wilson Yip , and stars Donnie Yen as Ip Man , with martial arts choreography by Sammo Hung .
Hung had previously collaborated with Wilson Yip and Donnie Yen as an actor in the 2005 film SPL : Sha Po Lang .
 Keshi assumes the form of a huge horse , who gallops at the speed of thoughts , wears the earth with his hooves and scatters celestial vehicles and clouds in the sky with his mane .
@ 1 m3 ) , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast — like fresh produce from Southern California farms — to the East Coast .
Panaman was loaded with a cargo of general supplies , beef , and a deck @-@ load of trucks and sailed in a convoy from New York on 21 September , arriving at its destination of Saint @-@ Nazaire 6 days later .
One hakebössa was still loaded with a small canister containing 20 lead balls that would have been used to clear enemy decks before boarding .
 Sibelius continued his studies in Berlin ( from 1889 to 1890 ) with Albert Becker and in Vienna ( from 1890 to 1891 ) with Robert Fuchs and the Hungarian Karl Goldmark .
The impact of this brush with death has been said to have inspired works that he composed in the following years , including Luonnotar and the Fourth Symphony .
Beginning with a dreamy theme from the strings , it evolves into the tones of the woodwinds , then the horns and the violas , demonstrating Sibelius 's ability to handle an orchestra .
Chaired by Bernard M. Baruch , a trusted adviser and confidant of Roosevelt , the committee was tasked with reviewing the synthetic rubber program .
Technical problems dogged the program through 1943 , but by late 1944 plants were in operation with an annual capacity of over a million tons , most of which was Buna @-@ S.
The language of the novel , Aiken Hodge said , was grating and " scattered with too lavish a hand , " with words like lordings and bel sire .
These roads mainly link the main route with small coastal settlements , although gravel roads also extend along the valleys of the Owaka and Tahakopa Rivers , linking the main Catlins route with the small towns of Clinton and Wyndham respectively .
 Midsomer Norton is characterised by the River Somer which runs the length of the town centre , the river itself was regenerated with new plant life during the summer of 2012 in a bid to improve the aesthetics of the town centre .
He engaged Dutch merchant and shipowner Benjamin Raule as his advisor , who after a first personal meeting with Frederick William in 1675 settled in Brandenburg in 1676 and became the major figure of Brandenburg @-@ Prussia 's emerging naval and colonial enterprise .
On screen , Thunderball was released in 1965 as the fourth film in the Eon Productions series , with Sean Connery as James Bond .
He manipulated the monster seen in Westminster Abbey at the climax , with his hands stuck through a photographic blow @-@ up of the interior of the Abbey .
It is also the memory of Professor Bernard Quatermass grappling with the pulsating giant plant that threatened to destroy the world from its rooting place in the Abbey 's nave … The Quatermass Experiment frightened the life out of a vast new generation of television viewers whose sets had been acquired in order to watch the Coronation … Quatermass was one of the first series on British television to make life seem potentially terrifying . "
Lake Winfield Scott is stocked with rainbow trout and also contains local species of warmwater fish such as largemouth bass and sunfish .
The area houses comfort stations with flush toilets and showers .
Among these was the need to handle shots with crowds of ants .
Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times gave the film four out of five stars , saying " What A Bug 's Life demonstrates is that when it comes to bugs , the most fun ones to hang out with hang exclusively with the gang at Pixar . "
The album which was inspired by her brush with mortality , entered the Swedish album chart at No.
Later she also appeared on stage with him in Stockholm , at the last concert of his solo tour , 9 May 2009 .
Boudreau fined Doby after he attempted to steal home with no outs and bases loaded in a game against the Yankees on July 20 .
The salt marsh contains glassworts and annual seablite in the most exposed regions , with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established : first sea aster , then mainly sea lavender , with sea purslane in the creeks and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants .
The streets were crowded with ordinary people who greatly mourned the prince 's death .
Once we wrote the dog into the show , we were stuck with him . "
Also scheduled is Hanging Bridge on the border with Manchester , dating to the 14th century , and an underground section of the Bridgewater Canal in Swinton built in 1759 .
 Prinz worked again with James Cagney , eight years after Yankee Doodle Dandy , on West Point Story , also starring Virginia Mayo and Doris Day .
Jon Pareles from The New York Times , and Alexis Petridis of The Guardian , compared the song with Rick James ' " Super Freak " ( 1981 ) .
Near the end of the performance , Madonna asked the crowd to sing along with her while she shouted , " No one is ever going to stop me " .
At the age of 19 , Milian signed a contract with Def Jam .
 Associations are known with several plant families .
 Some of the ectomycorrhizal Russulaceae are also involved in other types of root symbioses with plants .
 A mutualistic association similar to ectomycorrhiza but with some hyphae penetrating into the plant root cells , termed arbutoid mycorrhiza , is formed by Russulaceae with shrubs of the genera Arbutus and Arctostaphylos , both in subfamily Arbutoideae of the Ericaceae .
The association is often very specific , with the heterotrophic plants only associating with selected fungus partners , including Russulaceae .
 When the slotted line is terminated with a precision matching load there is no variation in the detected power along the line , other than a very small decrease due to losses in the line .
 Little Catawissa Creek was historically stocked with trout from near the border between Columbia County and Schuylkill County downstream to the mouth of the creek .
Exterior scenes in the episode were filmed in California 's Angeles National Forest and blended with stock footage of Washington to enhance the setting .
 Madeline Ferguson ( Lee ) meets with James Hurley and Donna Hayward ( Lara Flynn Boyle ) at the RR Diner .
Exterior scenes in the woods were filmed at Angeles National Forest in California and blended with establishing shots of the Washington landscape that had been filmed to provide the series with stock footage .
In China , its second largest market , the film opened on November 19 , 2013 and faced competition with The Hunger Games : Catching Fire which opened on November 21 , 2013 .
 Once Upon the Time co @-@ creator Adam Horowitz said that his earliest Disney memory was seeing a re @-@ release of Disney 's Snow White when he was " terrified by the Evil Queen while also being unable to look away and that stuck with me through the years . "
These included the oboe @-@ like shehnai , traditionally used in religious ceremonies ; the sarod , similar to a lute ; and the santoor , a type of hammered dulcimer with up to 100 strings .
Prelinger believes that " longer films aspire to higher goals , and one way to achieve these goals is to pack them with hints of meaning in many directions . "
Les Dudek , the guitarist who would eventually record " Jessica " and " Ramblin ' Man , " had entered the sessions when he was asked to jam with Betts through mutual friends .
The stage was very crowded with the Dead 's entourage , and roadie Kim Payne instructed driver Tuffy Phillips to let no one onstage .
Simmons also co @-@ owned Def Jam Recordings , an important new school label , with Rubin .
Simmons rose with Def Jam to become one of the biggest moguls in rap , while Rubin claimed credit for introducing radio @-@ friendly brevity and song structure to hip hop .
Stark 's forces again swelled the next day with the arrival of some Stockbridge Indians , bringing his force ( excluding Warner 's men ) to nearly 2 @,@ 000 men .
Harold Johnson , for example , writes that the themes and orchestration of the piece , with muted string tremolos and harp glissandi , " bear more than a superficial resemblance " to Debussy 's style ( he further suggests that Sibelius may have feared his original title , Rondeau der Wellen , was " too close to Debussy " ) .
When asked about the idea behind the video , Wade said , " The whole concept of this video and just stuff exploding and breaking with my performance to the camera ; it 's almost like my performance is trying to salvage a relationship together .
 After the matchup was announced and betting on the game began , oddsmakers favored Texas to win the game , with spread bettors predicting Texas to win by one point .
He began an outreach program to Baltimore 's Jewish community , occasionally exchanging pulpits with local rabbis .
The convento is a typical bahay @-@ na @-@ bato with its first floor made out of coral stones and egg white mixed with plaster as binder and the second floor made out of light materials like bamboo .
Three tribes seceding from the Khazar Khaganate , together known by Porphyrogenitus as " Kabaroi " , also joined with the Hungarians in the 860s or 870s .
 Anonymus writes of a war between the Hungarians and the Kievan Rus ' , ending with the victory of the Hungarians , who were commanded by Álmos .
Believing that the auk was a witch and the cause of the storm , they then killed it by beating it with a stick .
 Glure , a wealthy neighbor who considers himself gentry , stops at the Place for a night while on the way to a livestock show with a flock of expensive sheep .
Exception were only two fringe parties , the Greens - which , while supporting the right for gun ownership in its current form , also support further unification of rules on the European level and labeled the opposing reaction to Malström 's proposal as premature , and the Pirates which support unification of the rules leading to less restrictions elsewhere , commenting that one may not cross the borders out of the Czech Republic legally even with a pepper spray .
During the 1930s the Marwari deteriorated , with breeding stock diminishing and becoming of poorer quality due to poor breeding practices .
@ 3 billion contract to Bechtel , a San Francisco @-@ based construction and engineering firm , to build a vitrification plant to combine the dangerous wastes with glass to render them stable .
 The Kafka family had a servant girl living with them in a cramped apartment .
Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing all mankind to death and repopulating the earth with mutant plants , while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together .
 Ivy appears at the Gotham Botanical Gardens fundraiser in a pink gorilla suit , performs a striptease revealing her Poison Ivy costume and began seducing everyone present with her pheromone dust , including the Dynamic Duo , who are there to protect a diamond from Mr.
Robin goes to meet Ivy at her garden hideout , where her deadly , poisonous kiss fails to kill Robin because Batman had prevailed on him to coat his lips with rubber .
 According to Shadows of the Bat : The Cinematic Saga of the Dark Knight Part 6 : Batman Unbound , Chris O 'Donnell revealed that despite hanging out with Arnold Schwarzenegger a lot off set and during promotion for the film , they never worked a single day together .
, complete with the blue rubber Batsuit .
The shraddha involves pinda @-@ daan , which is an offering to the ancestors of pindas ( cooked rice and barley flour balls mixed with ghee and black sesame seeds ) , accompanying the release of water from the hand .
Dependence on wheat remained significant throughout the medieval era , and spread northwards with the rise of Christianity .
Banquets held on fish days could be splendid , and were popular occasions for serving illusion food that imitated meat , cheese and eggs in various ingenious ways ; fish could be moulded to look like venison and fake eggs could be made by stuffing empty egg shells with fish roe and almond milk and cooking them in coals .
In the 14th century cookbook Le Viandier there are several methods for salvaging spoiling wine ; making sure that the wine barrels are always topped up or adding a mixture of dried and boiled white grape seeds with the ash of dried and burnt lees of white wine were both effective bactericides , even if the chemical processes were not understood at the time .
Nevertheless , Chilembwe 's activities led to friction with the managers of local plantations , who feared Chilembwe 's influence over their workers .
There was some limited use of the sight on small arms after World War II but it came into widespread use after the late 1970s with the invention of the red dot sight , with a red light @-@ emitting diode ( LED ) as its reticle , making a dependable sight with durability and extremely long illumination run time .
MD 97 enters more wooded areas and narrows to four lanes , interchanging with MD 200 ( Intercounty Connector ) .
The two routes head through commercial areas on the outskirts of Westminster , passing by the TownMall of Westminster before interchanging with MD 27 ( Manchester Road ) at a folded @-@ diamond interchange .
A critique of the MPAA 's rating system , it suggests that films with homosexual content are treated more stringently than those with only heterosexual content , and that scenes of female sexuality draw harsher criticism from the board than those of male sexuality .
In addition to the trailer , it features an interview with Jamie Babbit and behind the scenes footage .
After securing sufficient medical supplies for the wounded , Blackburn traveled to Richmond , Virginia , to meet with Confederate Secretary of War James Seddon and offered to serve as General Inspector of Hospitals and Camps without taking compensation or a rank .
 In their breeding quarters , they are found on moors with scattered lochs , in marshes , fens and peat @-@ bogs , besides lakes and on little islands some way out to sea .
And we realized at the eleventh hour that it wasn 't going to happen , and we were stuck with nothing .
 Balfour returned to India in 1802 , where he became a merchant in partnership with James Baker .
Miller had a light workload with the ball as Hassett asked him to deliver only 15 @.
For his state , Miller averaged more with the bat , which he felt was because he was able to concentrate more on his batting , as Hassett gave him a smaller workload with the ball .
Upper level outflow was spreading outwards from the tropical storm with a high pressure system over the Caribbean .
O 'Connell 's review concluded , " The text is packed with fascinating information and humorous touches .
 Males mark their territories with dung piles and by urine spraying .
Some accompany the visual display with noise made by rubbing together parts of the wings or antennae .
This chemical spray variation also corresponds with regionally specific color forms in populations in Florida , with the different variants having distinct behaviors .
Crane puts on a scarecrow mask and sprays Falcone with a fear @-@ inducing hallucinogen that drives him insane , and has him transferred to Arkham Asylum .
Production designer Nathan Crowley installed twelve pumps to create a waterfall with 12 @,@ 000 imperial gallons ( 55 @,@ 000 l ; 14 @,@ 000 US gal ) , and built rocks using molds of real caves .
The evidence for this regency is that both he and his mother are credited with founding a settlement for workers in the Theban Necropolis at Deir el @-@ Medina .
In a single day , the German panzers with overwhelming air support brushed aside the remnants of the division and captured Zagreb , covering nearly 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) and meeting little resistance .
In 1935 , " Provence " had her center main battery turret was replaced with an aircraft catapult and a hangar for three aircraft .
Bretagne was also overhauled early in the war ; in March 1940 she escorted a convoy to Halifax and returned with another convoy loaded with aircraft for the French Air Force .
Most of the remaining wild part of the park comprises secondary forest with plants native to Singapore and Peninsular Malaysia such as tembusu , angsana , white leaf fig , common pulai , Singapore rhododendron , pitcher plants , cicada tree and simpoh air .
The audience also included government officials , legislators and the foreign diplomatic corps in the military attaches of the embassies , along with a large crowd of spectators .
A number of foreign buyers had equally expressed interest in the IAe 33 , including the Netherlands in 1951 and Egypt in 1953 , but the lack of a clear commitment to a production series hampered prospects for export sales , with both nations eventually settling on other readily available fighter aircraft .
 In 2004 , the New Statesman reported that the sandwich chosen by a politician as his " favourite " is loaded with political symbolism .
He set many career highs in batting categories , including batting average with the bases loaded ( .556 ) , RISP ( .340 ) , batting average ( .283 ) , home runs ( 23 ) , RBIs ( 74 ) , hits ( 142 ) , and runs ( 82 ) .
Of the other lifeboats and crews summoned to Dover by the Admiralty , the first arrivals questioned – reasonably in their view – the details of the service , in particular the impracticality of running heavy lifeboats on to the beach , loading them with soldiers , then floating them off .
Other notable lifeboatmen include Henry Freeman of Whitby , coxswain for 22 years , Robert William Hook ( 1828 – 1911 ) , coxswain at Lowestoft from 1853 to 1883 and credited with saving over 600 lives plus two dogs and a cat , Henry " Shrimp " Davies , coxswain of the Cromer Lifeboat with 45 years service and James Haylett , coxswain of Caister @-@ on @-@ Sea .
There they were loaded with as much fuel as they could hold .
 A few North American juniper species produce a seed cone with a sweeter , less resinous flavor than those typically used as a spice .
This is a reciprocal relationship as the plants provide the fungi with sugars from photosynthesis .
They conceived a plan to settle in Germany with Dorothy and Coleridge 's wife , Sara , " to pass the two ensuing years in order to acquire the German language , and to furnish ourselves with a tolerable stock of information in natural science " .
Sepinwall said the characters were now so well @-@ developed that he enjoyed simply getting to " hang out with them " , and he particularly liked the rapport between Tom and Ben , the latter of whom he said was becoming better integrated into the cast .
In this episode , Kirk and the Enterprise must contend with pirates who have stolen a load of cargo that includes medicine crucial to save a dying Spock ( voiced by Leonard Nimoy ) .
Like almost any herbivore , they consume other plants if presented with them , but their diet in nature consists almost entirely of grass , with only minimal consumption of aquatic plants .
It tells how , inspired by Macedonski 's desire to feed his family a traditional turkey feast , Bogdan @-@ Pitești sent him the bird stuffed with 50 gold lei .
Sometimes " , in which changed back into her white pajamas and slippers ( coincidentally an outfit similar to the one she wore in the music video of the song ) and featured Spears ' and her dancers throwing teddy bears , beach balls , and squirting the audience with water guns .
But the rest of the time , she was a full @-@ throttle tease , with sprayed- on clothes , a hard @-@ edged attitude and a harder edge to her techno and hip @-@ hop- coated pop to match " .
In April 1969 , along with retired Colonel James Donovan , he broadened his criticism to national security policy .
The RF caucus in January 1964 revealed widespread dissatisfaction with him on the grounds that the British seemed to be outwitting him .
Douglas @-@ Home assured Smith that a Conservative government would settle with him and grant independence within a year .
The firing line and my headquarters are being plastered with heavy guns and the town is being swept by shrapnel .
Diệm received a glowing welcome and was heaped with praise as a leader of a " free country " in the midst of the Cold War .
He received his PhD in physics from Yale in 1933 , with a thesis entitled Scattering of X @-@ Rays by Cold @-@ Worked and by Annealed Beryllium .
Jason and Justin Credible interfered , with Credible hitting Jericho with a kendo stick .
JBL and Angle cut a promo , with the crowd continuing to chant , " You Suck Dick " , to which Angle replied with " Your MOTHER taught me how " .
 ECW booker Paul Heyman then cut a promo in the ring , with the crowd chanting , " Thank You Paul " and rising for a standing ovation .
He is dressed in typically Burgundian fashion , with a red robe and a green wool chaperon with a bourrelet and cornette hanging forward .
 In the 1840s and 1850s , American pioneers began arriving in the area , traveling down the Columbia on wooden barges loaded with wagons .
Just when they escape outside , Plankton comes in and tries to destroy them with the tank he found , but much to his dismay , it showers the group with ice cream .
When they returned to the ring , Perfect tried to pin Hart with a small package .
This enabled Billy Gunn to surprise DiBiase with a small package pinfall to win the match .
The Panathenaic Stadium , the only Olympic stadium used in the 1800s , overflowed with the largest crowd ever to watch a sporting event .
Parkin was especially critical , saying the characters were " irritating or forgettable , full of fuzzy or weak motivations and stuffed with tortuous , posturing dialogue " .
The highway continues northward , interchanging with Furler Street and Lackawanna Avenue on a partial cloverleaf .
It consisted of a hat strewn with fake fruits , flowers and feathers , jeweled batwing spectacles with heavy , black frames , a ruffled skirt and a bodice covered with objects such as watches and dolls and fishnets .
ANb 's Frozen Corpse Stuffed with Dope has been described as " the Paul 's Boutique of grindcore " , by Village Voice critic Phil Freeman , for its " hyper @-@ referential , impossibly dense barrage of samples , blast beats , answering machine messages , and incomprehensibly bellowed rants . "
US 9 enters Sayreville , where it passes more suburban areas , interchanging with CR 673 and CR 615 .
 The concurrent US 9 and Route 35 head northwest on a four @-@ lane divided highway through commercial areas and woodland , crossing over a Conrail Shared Assets Operations before turning north and interchanging with Raritan Street and Kearney Road , crossing back into Sayreville at the interchange with the former .
 US 1 and US 9 become concurrent upon merging in Woodbridge Township and continue through developed areas , interchanging with Route 35 .
Upon entering Union County , US 1 / 9 pass through Rahway and Linden , interchanging with I @-@ 278 in Linden .
Two months later , on March 19 , 2002 , he was traded to the Devils , along with Jamie Langenbrunner , in exchange for Jason Arnott , Randy McKay and a first round selection in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft .
The cover features Gaga 's face smeared with multi @-@ colored paint and surrounded by a white sheet .
A writer of The Independent wrote , " Showing Gaga in a number of guises ( as a Beatnik performance artist , her face smeared with clown make @-@ up , sporting David Bowie @-@ esque androgyny while wearing a bra made of black , leather gloves and as various winged creatures ) , the high energy accompaniment to her new track is a hotch @-@ potch of imagery that seems to highlight the pop princess ' ever changing appearance . "
Though possibly influenced by carvings of acanthus leaves or vine leaves , it cannot be easily identified with any particular plant .
New rolling stock was gradually introduced with automatic sliding doors along the length of the carriage instead of manual end gates .
This included multiple systems tests and three simulated flights , culminating in a six @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ hour simulated flight on September 29 , with the spacecraft and booster fully stacked on the pad .
 The local recovery group in the prime target area , in the central Pacific , consisted of an aircraft carrier , USS Kearsarge , in the center of the landing area , with three destroyers strung out along the orbital path .
The cap is hygrophanous , meaning it changes color depending on its state of hydration : the color is tawny in moist specimens , changing to ochre with dark brown edges when dried .
Stems are solid , cylindrical , and may be pruinose ( dusted with a very fine layer of powder ) .
 Initial materials were sourced by demolishing the former " Chicken Run " section of The Nest , with the rubble dumped as a bank at the river end of the new ground .
His body was then placed on a gun carriage draped with the Indian flag and taken to his Delhi residence at 10 Rajaji Marg ; there , the public and numerous dignitaries paid homage , including former prime minister Manmohan Singh , Congress President Sonia Gandhi and Vice @-@ President Rahul Gandhi , and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav .
Mixing and dubbing began in early June , with arranger Lew Warburton handling string overdubs .
It is stuffed with whitish hyphae that resemble cotton .
The baggage handling system failed completely , resulting in seven flights departing with no baggage loaded .
Gian Gastone was taken with the Infante @-@ Duke , showering him with gifts .
The fossils of ambulocetids are always found in near @-@ shore shallow marine deposits associated with abundant marine plant fossils and littoral molluscs .
These buildings were fitted with sprinkler systems and were considered fireproof , which reduced insurance costs to 25 per cent of those of comparable warehouses elsewhere in the area .
In the following years the area was used as a tipping site by industry and partly filled with construction rubble and slag from steel works .
McMullan also said that every British Prime Minister from Margaret Thatcher onwards had cultivated a close relationship with Rupert Murdoch and his senior executives .
 At the bottom of the WinFS stack lies WinFS Core which interacts with the filesystem and provides file access and addressing capabilities .
During outbreaks and the early stages of upsurges , only part of the locust population becomes gregarious , with scattered bands of hoppers spread out over a large area .
An example of the impact of the Westerlies is when dust plumes , originating in the Gobi desert combine with pollutants and spread large distances downwind , or eastward , into North America .
Between 1897 and 1899 the locomotives were constructed with a short overhang at the front , and sandboxes combined with the front splashers .
@ 935 , as the frontrunners experimented with higher fuel loads .
For this helium conservation program , the Bureau built a 425 @-@ mile ( 684 km ) pipeline from Bushton , Kansas , to connect those plants with the government 's partially depleted Cliffside gas field near Amarillo , Texas .
They had squared @-@ off observation ends , instead of the tapered or rounded ends in the 1938 version , and contained two master rooms with radio and showers .
In 2010 it was reported that nearly a third of the videos with advertisements were uploaded without permission of the copyright holders .
On March 18 , 2014 , the lawsuit was settled after seven years with an undisclosed agreement .
A writer for the BBC 's Neighbours website thought Daphne 's most notable moment was " Going into labour with Jamie at a riverside picnic . "
This transmission is made possible by the action of synaptic vesicles loaded with the neurotransmitters to be released .
While your average primetime soap operas don 't usually mingle with the stuff of sci @-@ fi and horror , there 's an incredibly high rate of characters returning from the dead in the genre .
They displaced 18 @,@ 873 tonnes ( 18 @,@ 575 long tons ) with a standard load , and 20 @,@ 535 t ( 20 @,@ 211 long tons ) fully laden .
 Although unofficial and unlicensed recordings had existed before the 1960s , the very first rock bootlegs came in plain sleeves with the title rubber stamped on it .
Since the bootleggers could not commercially print a sleeve , due to it attracting too much attention from recording companies , the LP was issued in a plain white cover with Great White Wonder rubber stamped on it .
In May , Olav Nils Sunde bought the entire Color Group , and delisted it from the stock exchange following the conflict with the other shareholders .
For the earlier performances of Parsifal in Bayreuth , Wagner had the Parsifal bell , a piano frame with four strings , constructed as a substitute for church bells .
 It is interesting to contemplate an entangled bank , clothed with many plants of many kinds , with birds singing on the bushes , with various insects flitting about , and with worms crawling through the damp earth , and to reflect that these elaborately constructed forms , so different from each other , and dependent on each other in so complex a manner , have all been produced by laws acting around us ...
 The men of Springfield become obsessed with a violent new string of mixed martial arts ( MMA ) competitions called " Ultimate Punch Kick and Choke Championships " ( UPKCC ) .
The Renault drivers were again quick — Piquet in second and Alonso fourth — although the team 's Executive Director of Engineering , Pat Symonds , admitted both cars were running with slightly lower fuel loads than normal , improving their performance .
This lighter was lowered flush with the upper hangar deck so that an aircraft could be rolled onto to it or an aircraft could be lifted onto it once the lighter was in the water .
 The ship returned to the UK on 20 September with a full load of damaged Seafires , in addition to her own aircraft , that were off @-@ loaded at Glasgow to be repaired .
The Director of Naval Construction proposed to combine both of her hangars into a single one to eliminate problems with hangar height , but this was rejected because of the excessive cost .
A three @-@ bay garage of standard military design is included in this historic district , as is the gas pump house with an extended eave to protect the gas pumps .
 Following the success of Hell Awaits , Slayer was offered a recording contract with Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin 's newly founded Def Jam Records , a largely hip hop @-@ based label .
Seasons in the Abyss , released on October 25 , 1990 , was the first Slayer album to be released under Rubin 's new Def American label , as he parted ways with Def Jam owner Russell Simmons over creative differences .
They used to be grown with mixed results from seeds of trees bearing superior quality fruit , but now are propagated by layering , marcotting , or more commonly , by grafting , including bud , veneer , wedge , whip or U @-@ grafting onto seedlings of randomly selected rootstocks .
While some of these animals eat the fruit and dispose of the seed under the parent plant , others swallow the seed with the fruit and then transport it some distance before excreting , with the seed being dispersed as a result .
 In Thailand , durian is often eaten fresh with sweet sticky rice , and blocks of durian paste are sold in the markets , though much of the paste is adulterated with pumpkin .
In Java , the seeds are sliced thin and cooked with sugar as a confection .
These two shrines along with the Masjid Jamae at Chulia in Singapore and the Keramat Data Koya in Penang are influenced by the architectural style of Nagore dargah .
Wyatt was an assistant marshal and with policeman James Masterson , along with a few other citizens , fired their pistols at several Cowboys who were fleeing town after shooting up a theater .
They arrived from Antelope Springs , 13 miles ( 21 km ) east of Tombstone , where they had been rounding up stock with their brothers and had breakfasted with Ike and Tom the day before .
 Cheyenne Autumn ( 1964 ) with James Stewart
 Hour of the Gun ( 1967 ) with James Garner
Bay originally was not much interested in the format as he felt it did not fit his " aggressive style " of filmmaking , but he was convinced after talks with Avatar director James Cameron , who even offered the technical crew from that film .
The conventional undercarriage was fixed with rubber shock absorbers and the tailskid was made from duralumin .
 The golf course was formerly a plant nursery and each hole is named after the tree or shrub with which it has become associated .
In the neighbouring streets , rue des Oies ( " geese street " ) and rue des Veaux ( " calf street " ) , many houses were covered with a coat of plaster in the 19th century in order to hide the timbering , which was considered too rustic .
While there , Rashad catches the eye of New @-@ New ( Lauren London ) , a round @-@ the @-@ way girl with a mysterious background , since he only sees her around when she is hanging out with her friends Veda ( Khadijah Haqq ) and Star ( Malika Haqq ) .
The nest is made from thin dry grass and coated with plant down , feathers or wool , the coating often completely obscuring the grass framework .
Stocked with supplies , collecting equipment and a small library , the boat put out to sea on the afternoon of March 11 , 1940 .
According to A. S. Panneerselvan of Frontline , the dominant genre of the music used in Moodu Pani was " modern jazz with a sprinkling of avant @-@ garde elements . "
Every floor shares a communal bathroom , with several shower and restroom stalls .
 The Gulf of Aqaba lies between the Sinai Peninsula and the Arabian Peninsula , both mostly desert regions with very few permanent settlements .
The square remained fashionable throughout most of the 18th century , with notable residents including the architect James Stuart at No 35 from 1766 to 1788 and the painter John Singleton Copley at No.
James Wyld bought the assets of the garden from the Tulk and Moxhay 's deaths in 1849 in order to erect the Great Globe , though buried the statue of George I under 12 foot of earth with the globe stuck on top .
The news incited riots in Zadar that day , with crowds marching through the city centre demanding weapons to confront the Croatian Serbs and smashing the windows of shops owned by Serbian companies and Serbs living in the city .
The first named storm to reach tropical storm intensity was Boura , which brushed the Mascarene Islands with gusty winds and rainfall .
Her stepfather , mother , and older sister , Rebecca Musser , were supportive of the marriage and encouraged her to go through with it , with the latter two sewing her wedding dress and organizing her honeymoon .
Included on the enrolled list of ratifying states were the three ex @-@ Confederate states that had given their assent , but with strings attached .
He hoped in the process to intercept a slave caravan that had been fleeing eastwards from the expedition loaded with slaves , ivory and gold .
The expedition then proceeded to the settlement of Fort Johnston at the southern tip of Lake Nyasa where they replenished their food stocks with fish from the Shire River .
Although Mohun left the company early the next year , the concessions proved successful with the first shipments of rubber arriving in the USA in August 1911 .
US @-@ 412 then meets US @-@ 64 once again , interchanging with it at Exit 23 east of Morrison .
Vietnamese Catholics travelled to Penang for seminary studies from the 1840s ; these included illuminary Pétrus Ky. ethnic Chinese from Cochinchina sailed to the east in the Sultanate of Terengganu to trade in poultry and rice ; some also settled there and assimilated with the local Chinese .
Many takes ended with the wooden drum sticks broken against the rims , sending shards of wood flying off @-@ camera .
A number of spoofs and parodies were quickly uploaded by amateurs with the tacit approval of Cadbury , and the British branch of Wonderbra created and uploaded their own , Dan Cadan @-@ directed version of the advertisement , replacing the gorilla with Wonderbra model ( and musician ) Jentina with the Cadbury strapline " A glass and half full of joy " being replaced with " Two cups full of joy . "
The three @-@ storey building is constructed , like the Haliburton range , from undressed stone , although the Ruthven Lodging is decorated with string courses , horizontal mouldings running around the walls .
Frank Wild , who along with Marshall and Jameson Adams was selected for the southern journey , wrote in his diary after the party 's bid to reach the Pole had fallen short : " If we only had Joyce and Marston here instead of these two useless grub @-@ scoffing beggars " – ( Marshall and Adams ) – " we would have done it easily . "
Bowie said " a real Fifties subject matter was either love or jealousy , so I thought I ’ d stick with jealousy because it ’ s a lot more interesting " .
With a full load ( approximately 1 @,@ 880 pounds ( 850 kg ) ) , it weighed approximately 3 @,@ 600 pounds ( 1 @,@ 600 kg ) .
Archeologists and anthropologists date this agricultural advancement to coincide with a spread of archeological sites , suggesting that a population increase followed .
 The first years following Florida 's annexation to the United States in 1821 were marked with violent conflicts between white settlers and Seminoles , whose bands often included runaway African slaves .
The same year and farther downriver , Confederates again sank a Union boat , the Maple Leaf , which struck a floating keg filled with explosives and settled into the muck near Julington Creek , south of Jacksonville .
@ 50 missing , and the county 's Fiscal Court authorized Barkley to settle with the company that held Smedley 's surety bond .
Its local high school reported 19 broken windows in the girls ' gymnasium , along with cracked plaster walls .
Having won the Presidents ' Trophy for the first time in team history , the Canucks entered the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West .
Following the transports came five B @-@ 17s with their racks loaded with 300 lb ( 140 kg ) packages with parachutes , to be dropped to the paratroopers on call by panel signals as they needed them .
At 04 : 20 , B @-@ 24 Liberator 42 @-@ 40682 " Pride of the Cornhuskers " of the 43rd Bombardment Group piloted by 2nd Lieutenant Howard Wood set out from Jackson 's Airfield on a reconnaissance sortie to Rabaul , with a full load of 2 @,@ 800 imperial gallons ( 13 @,@ 000 l ) of fuel and four 500 lb ( 230 kg ) bombs .
It was then packed with coal , field guns , ammunition , small arms , and various supplies .
 New Musical Express journalist Nick Kent jammed occasionally with the band , but left upon Lydon 's recruitment . "
 These interests were shared with Jamie Reid , an old friend of McLaren 's who began producing publicity material for the Sex Pistols in spring 1976 .
In April 2008 , the release date was pushed back to February 13 , 2009 , with the studio citing the early fall schedule as too crowded with Academy Award prospects .
While exact figures are not available for Knyaz Suvorov , it is probable that the ship was approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as she and her sisters were overloaded with coal and other supplies ; all of which was stored high in the ships and reduced their stability .
In the beginning only oboes and strings play colla parte with the voices , then a trumpet doubles the soprano .
 Rix continued to work hard , and was rewarded with success in having her work hung in the Paris Salon in 1911 , alongside fellow Australians Arthur Streeton and George Bell .
The storm surge tracked into the central portion of the state , with a site on the James River in Richmond reporting an estimated surge of about 9 feet ( 2 @.
 Dominion Virginia Power quickly began to restore the widespread power outages with a workforce of about 11 @,@ 000 , working between 14 and 16 hours per day .
 In the interests of public safety , the Minister can make a " clearance order " concerning land that is within 46 metres ( 151 ft ) of any railway , public road or perimeter fence within a security area , or land in a security area that is " used for or in connection with the cultivation of rubber , oil palm , gutta @-@ percha , coconut , bananas or any other fruit growing on trees , or any other agricultural or food crops " .
 As with all of his Brushstrokes works , it is in part a satirical response to the gestural painting of Abstract Expressionism .
 This painting has a Ben @-@ Day dots background with four layered vigorous brushstrokes atop them in white , yellow , green , and red .
With a strengthened Lock and the SOWF flowing freely again , harmony and prosperity return to Shikasta .
In 1924 , the seven @-@ page story titled " Indian Camp " was published by the Transatlantic Review in the " Works in Progress " section , along with a piece from James Joyce 's manuscript Finnegans Wake .
Paul Strong believes the deleted section may have provided context and additional counterpoint to the plot , with Nick 's aloneness in the " stillness of the night " juxtaposed against the middle scene , crowded with people .
The original plaster ceiling was removed with the new one constructed from wood , resulting in a weight reduction of 25 tons .
 Many of these plants are integrated with agriculture and some use innovative tracking systems that follow the sun 's daily path across the sky to generate more electricity than conventional fixed @-@ mounted systems .
Headed by McCauley and a group of prominent citizens including councillor John Cameron , Angry Edmontonians descended on the office , cut horses loose and tore to pieces the wagon that the officer was packing with records for transportation .
Some months previously , keyboard player Jon Carin had jammed with Gilmour at his Hookend studio , where he composed the chord progression for what later became " Learning to Fly " , and so was invited onto the team .
At midday El Mejdel , 13 miles ( 21 km ) north @-@ east of Gaza , was occupied with little difficulty by the 1st Light Horse Brigade , who captured 170 prisoners and found a good well with a steam pump enabling the brigade to water all horses expeditiously .
The battlefield was generally cultivated but with winter approaching it was bare and open .
These villages were separated by the Wadi Jamus which links the Wadi al @-@ Sarar with the Nahr Rubin .
The church , with an 1883 Stick style rectory and 1904 Arts and Crafts @-@ style parish hall , is an example of the modest English Gothic parish church popular in the region during the mid @-@ 19th century .
Dignan was promoted later for meritorious service despite the fact that the City of Chicago settled out of court with Banks .
Fertilisation usually takes place in May or June , via anemophily ( wind @-@ pollination ) , and the white bristle @-@ like perianth , composed of achenes with pappi ( seeds with hairs ) then grows outwards to appear like short tufts of cotton thread .
Narthecium ossifragum and Myrica gale are suitable for companion planting with E. angustifolium .
The A5419 and B5095 roads traverse Cheadle Hulme ; there are many buses that operate on a daily basis throughout the area , with frequent services to and from Stockport bus station , passing through neighbouring towns and villages .
Vaughan brushed the ball away with his hand , despite the fact that it was not travelling towards the stumps .
Oregon Route 99W , the highway running through the heart of Willamette Valley wine country ( and which is the main street in towns such as Newberg and Dundee ) , is plagued with frequent traffic jams .
Eurogamer 's Kristan Reed wrote , " Packed with inventive ideas and one engaging sequence after another , it 's a spirited , poignant and unsettling game that not only delivers a long @-@ overdue return to form , but reinvigorates horror adventures in the process . "
 Of the writing / filming process , Crowe added , " Possibly , a lot of the stuff that I have to deal with now in terms of my quote unquote volatility has to do with that experience .
Nicola Roberts is " Chelsea Tanner , " who sprays insulting messages with fake bronzer onto her male customers ; Nadine Coyle is " Frenchie " , who ineptly tries to give her male customers facials ; Sarah Harding is " Supa Styler " , a hair stylist who fails to satisfy any of her customers ; Cheryl Cole is " Maxi Wax " , who makes the waxing process as painful as possible ; and Kimberley Walsh is " The Boss " , who looks on amusedly as her employees take their revenge on the salon 's male customers .
Shortly after the elections , rumours began to spread that all was not well with the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway ( A & GWR ) , to which the government had given loan guarantees and on whose behalf it had sold bonds in the London bond market .
Two days later , Richardson posted a black @-@ and @-@ white photo from the set of the video , which showed Gaga being held by Kelly ; with her legs wrapped around his waist .
One week later , a colored behind @-@ the @-@ scenes photo was released , showing the singers in the same garments as the previous image , while Kelly stood with his legs spread apart as Gaga crawled in between them .
Several vocalists jammed with the three , including B @-@ Real of Cypress Hill , but they did not want another rapper or anybody who sounded like de la Rocha .
The quartet wrote 21 songs during 19 days of rehearsal , and began working in the studio in late May 2001 with Rubin as producer , while sorting out the label and management issues .
FreeStyleGames also wanted to bring a more immersive experience to the player , and developed the main career mode GH Live to have the note pattern displayed atop full motion video taken from the perspective of a lead guitarist during a concert , with the crowd and other band members dynamically reacting to the player 's performance .
GHTV can offer uniquely curated music video shows with host segments wrapped around playable songs ; the first such show features songs selected by the band Avenged Sevenfold and will include commentary by the band on these selections .
The album mixes funk and rhythm and blues elements with hard rock and jamming , an approach which later became the basis of funk rock .
 After his appearance at Woodstock with an interim group that included Cox , Hendrix began developing new songs and recording demos .
When Miles became involved , he and Cox agreed to record a live album with Hendrix to be used to settle a contract dispute with a former manager .
 In October 1969 , Hendrix and Cox began jamming and recording demos with drummer Buddy Miles .
However , according to McDermott , Hendrix was already determined to deliver suitable performances to finally settle the bitter legal dispute with Ed Chalpin .
And then the idea occurred me to record it like a Led Zeppelin ballad with mandolins and stuff . "
At one point shortly after release , Frusciante began searching for a string quartet to play the album with him on tour .
To ensure his compliance , Hauk has him injected with explosives that will rupture Snake 's carotid arteries within 22 hours ; if Snake returns with the President and the tape in time , Hauk will neutralize the explosives .
Snake is lifted to safety and the implanted explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare .
Following an intermission of ten years , the society made arrangements with James Gregory of Jersey City and Daniel McIntyre of Philadelphia to finance the lottery , " for raising a sum of money not exceeding twenty thousand dollars , for the purpose of erecting a suitable building for their accommodation , the purchase of library and Philosophical apparatus " .
The aircraft would be fitted with a large engine , and a relatively small wing with a high wing loading for a stable ride at low altitudes , and less drag at supersonic speeds .
 The resulting EF @-@ 105F Wild Weasel III ( the EF designation was popularly used but unofficial ) supplemented its sensors and electronic jamming equipment with AGM @-@ 45 Shrike anti @-@ radiation missiles and conventional bombs , giving it an offensive capability lacking in the F @-@ 100F .
In December 1969 , the two continued spread their message of peace with billboards in 12 major world cities reading " WAR IS OVER !
Items coated with beryllium oxide dust " were covered in plastic and buried out in the woods " , where some were subsequently unearthed by black bears and white @-@ tailed deer .
Various usage plans for the area were proposed , including : a vacation resort with a large artificial lake , motels , golf courses , and honeymoon resort ; a Penn State game preserve stocked with exotic animals like bison and boar ; a large youth camp for several hundred children ; and a radioactive waste disposal site .
@ 2 ha ) , with clean earth and grass seed placed on top of the area .
Eventually , the U.S. government joined with Avianca and settled to pay for the damages to the victims and their families .
At 21 : 00 , JFK was experiencing light drizzle and fog with 1 ⁄ 4 mile visibility , an indefinite ceiling with 200 feet ( 61 m ) obscured , and a wind of 21 knots ( 24 mph ) at 190 ° .
The action marked the end of the final French attempt to operate in the Indian Ocean during the Napoleonic Wars : with their bases now in British hands , any deployment to the region would require a significant quantity of ships and supplies at a time when France was unable to even protect the entrances to her principal harbours , as Clorinde 's brush with Tonnant had demonstrated .
Hoey noted : " Student @-@ athletes are consumed with stuff when they first enter college .
@ 135 in ) with finely scattered setae on all parts except the notum and propodeum .
Musically , the song was developed in a jam session with producer Brian Eno .
The Edge said , " We were jamming with Brian [ Eno ] .
A three @-@ sport letterman , football , particularly , stuck with Wismer who went on to play for the University of Florida and Michigan State before a knee injury ended his playing career .
Favre only played one season as a member of the Jets in 2008 , between most of his career with the Packers ( 1992 @-@ 2007 ) and his last two NFL seasons with the Minnesota Vikings ( 2009 @-@ 2010 ) .
US 113 bypasses the town to the east and intersects MD 12 ( Snow Hill Road ) , which connects Snow Hill with Salisbury and Stockton , and MD 365 ( Public Landing Road ) .
 Some states require overweight trucks to offload enough cargo to comply with the limits .
Gustav Linor reported , " Never ... has the hall been so full , or so resplendent ; the stairways and the corridors were crowded with spectators eager to see and to hear " .
After interchanging with U.S. Route 9 ( exit 30 ) , the freeway ends , and the route becomes an arterial highway through a mostly wooded commercial stretch of Old Bridge .
Route 18 then enters East Brunswick , then interchanging with Middlesex County Route 615 , which also connects to County Route 527 .
On 2 July 2007 , Cody made his television debut in a backstage segment with his father Dusty and Randy Orton , where Orton introduced himself to Cody and disrespectfully slapped Dusty .
Goldust married WWE Diva Aksana on 2 November 2010 on NXT , with Dusty and Cody in attendance .
On October 6 at Battleground , the Rhodes Brothers made their debut match as a tag team with Dusty backing them up at ringside .
 On November 22 at Survivor Series , Goldust returned teaming up with The Dudley Boyz , Neville and Titus O 'Neil to face his half @-@ brother Stardust , The Ascension , The Miz and Bo Dallas in an ten @-@ man tag team match , which Goldust 's team emerged victorious .
The following night on Raw , Goldust teamed up with The Prime Time Players taking on his brother Stardust and The Ascension one more time which Goldust 's team won also after O 'Neil hit Konnor with his move Clash of the Titus .
His coffin , draped with the Union Flag lay on a table in the chamber in front of the speaker 's rostrum , guarded by four Royal Canadian Mounted Police constables ; members ' desks were draped in purple velvet .
British critic and biographer Michael Freedland said at the time of his death that " when Gene Kelly danced through the street with a dustbin lid tied to his feet in the 1955 film It 's Always Fair Weather , the man who usually planned his own routines did it to Kidd 's order " .
It took almost three days to film the 15 @-@ second sequence of Scott drilling into Kira 's tooth , involving three rented cameras and a prop tooth that was painted red inside and filled with white dust to achieve the desired effect when drilled into .
Depending on the species , nests are large mounds covered in pebbles with multiple entrances while others live above ground in twig nests .
Nests will vary in appearance ; most species live in small mounds with a single entrance , while other species create large mounds covered in pebbles with multiple entrances .
They hunt for insects and other ants to feed to their young , and workers are particularly attracted to seeds with elaiosomes .
Covered by mortars and heavy machine guns , the Western Australians fixed bayonets and advanced in company lots , with the men strung out in extended line .
A wooden settle designed with Zodiac themes , it was made for Burges ' rooms at Buckingham Street , and later moved to the drawing room of The Tower House , the home that he designed for himself in Holland Park .
 The settle is a wooden bench with a canopy .
The settle is shown with an embroidered panel and three seat cushions .
Omar then brushed the southern islands of Japan with strong gusts and light rainfall , causing ¥ 476 million JPY ( $ 3 @.
Before the battle , RCT @-@ 31 was spread thin with main elements separated on the hills north of Sinhung @-@ ni , the inlet west of Sinhung @-@ ni , and the town of Hudong @-@ ni south of Sinhung @-@ ni .
 With the path to Hungnam blocked at Funchilin Pass , eight C @-@ 119 Flying Boxcars flown by the US 314th Troop Carrier Wing were used to drop portable bridge sections by parachute .
As conditions deteriorated , La Salle realized the colony could survive only with help from the French settlements in Illinois Country to the north , along the Mississippi and Illinois Rivers .
Beaujeu sailed to another part of the island , allowing Spanish privateers to capture the St. François , which had been fully loaded with supplies , provisions , and tools for the colony .
At the end of October 1685 , La Salle decided to undertake a longer expedition and reloaded the Belle with many of the remaining supplies .
Reznor and Christopherson compiled the three clips along with footage for " Help Me I Am in Hell " and " Gave Up " into a longform music video titled Broken .
The album was made available for download free of charge with a message from Reznor , " this one 's on me , " protected under the same Creative Commons licence as Ghosts , and has seen individual downloads surpassing 1 @.
Freese and Cortini left the live band , but it became a quartet with the addition of Ilan Rubin on drums .
With help of the crowdfunding platform Catapult , visitors of the concert could choose between several projects promoting education of women and girls .
They had to move into two rooms above the hardware store , with Gates saying he was too ill to help with the moving and packing .
With the bases loaded and two outs in the top of the ninth inning , Bottomley hit a fly ball to center fielder Earle Combs .
Reinhart walked Gehrig , allowing Koenig to score and keeping the bases loaded with no outs .
With the bases loaded again , Severeid popped up to second baseman Rogers Hornsby to end the Yankee rally .
In the bottom half of the inning , the Yankees loaded up the bases with Earle Combs , Ruth and Lou Gehrig .
Manager Hornsby walked to the mound to talk with Alexander .
Considered the restaurant 's signature dish , it consists of a single ravioli stuffed with quail egg yolk and laced with truffle butter .
Other notable dishes include pad Thai made with jellyfish instead of noodles , antelope meat dusted with curry powder and coated with white chocolate pudding , " pine cones " ( sea urchin ice cream served in pine @-@ flavored cones ) , and something Carlson calls " onion glue " .
Martin had already begun skipping practice sessions with the band during the Angel Dust recording sessions , having grown dissatisfied with their new musical directions ; he had also reportedly stopped writing new music at this time .
If the flag is displayed on a short flagpole , this should be mounted at an angle to the wall with the flag draped tastefully from it .
The flag should be displayed completely spread out with the saffron stripe on top .
 On occasions of state , military , central para @-@ military forces funerals , the flag shall be draped over the bier or coffin with the saffron towards the head of the bier or coffin .
After two replacement engineers were tried out , the band settled with John Burns and a new producer , Dave Hitchcock .
In December 1972 , Stratton @-@ Smith organised the band 's first gigs in the US with a show at Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts and Philharmonic Hall in New York City with openers String Driven Thing , in aid of the United Cerebral Palsy Fund .
 The party loaded up three sledges with supplies for a march of up to 60 days , leaving the remaining provisions and dog carcasses in a depot .
 Oryzomys zygomaticus was first described by Merriam in 1901 as a separate species similar to mexicanus , but with the zygomatic arches broadly spreading and curved downward .
It is a large , coarse @-@ furred , bright reddish , long @-@ tailed species with a broad skull with widely spreading zygomatic arches .
 On December 16 , the Edwards brothers invaded Nacogdoches with only 30 settlers , seizing one building in town , the Old Stone Fort .
In late 2013 Franco starred in This is the End as a fictionalized version of himself stuck in a house with Seth Rogen , Jay Baruchel , Craig Robinson , Jonah Hill , and Danny McBride , also fictionalized versions of themselves , when the Apocalypse happens .
 On March 31 , 2011 , the actor took part in " An Evening with James Franco " , a Washington D.C. dinner benefit for 826DC , a non @-@ profit foundation created to help neighborhood students reach their goals , as well as provide after @-@ school literature programs and workshops that encourage them to improve their writing skills .
 2013 : " Hanging with Da Dopeboys " – featuring DangeRuss from album Spring Breakers : Music from the Motion Picture
After being fried , it may be glazed , dusted with sugar , or served plain .
It may be prepared with toppings such as sugar , chocolate or maple glazes , dusted with granulated sugar or cinnamon @-@ sugar , or served plain without any topping .
The doughnut is covered with lemon flavored glaze , and topped with poppy seeds and lemon zest .
With the crowd and cameras focused on him , he exclaims " I didn 't do it " , which causes the audience to erupt with laughter .
 The North Coast Hiawatha saw a variety of motive power and rolling stock during its eight years , as Amtrak disposed of its inherited equipment as best it could and gradually replaced the older equipment with its own stock .
At the settlement , she had three children with Jampu Jakamarra .
Moisture associated with Octave produced isolated showers in thunderstorms in parts of southern Arizona on September 16 .
Vancouver finished with the eighth seed in the Western Conference for the second consecutive year .
Entering the 2011 playoffs with the top seed in the West , the Canucks beat the Chicago Blackhawks , Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks in the first three rounds to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in 17 years .
The car was also decorated with homemade bumper stickers that read " Dumb People Drink " and " Your Kids Need You Sober . "
Following this , he was teamed up with Shane Sewell in a stable known as Los Hermanos en Dolor .
In 2004 , he feuded with Hangman Hughes ( Mike Hughes ) , Kasey James ( Kurt Sellers ) , El Diamante ( Julio César Cruz ) , and Bison .
On January 8 , 2011 , Banderas defeated Colón , with help from an interfering Shane Sewell , to win the WWC Universal Heavyweight Championship for the first time .
This automatically gives a good spread of stopband rejection and as with the steepness of transition issue , use of mm ' -type sections may remove the need for additional m @-@ type sections in the body .
There was relatively little difference between the cargo loads of the two aircraft , C @-@ 141s had been loaded with up to 316 evacuees while C @-@ 130s had been taking off with in excess of 240 .
 The first wave of 12 CH @-@ 53s from HMH @-@ 462 loaded with BLT 2 / 4 's command groups " Alpha " and " Bravo , " and Company F and reinforced Company H arrived in the DAO Compound at 15 : 06 and the Marines quickly moved to reinforce the perimeter defenses .
 The HMH @-@ 462 CH @-@ 53s loaded with evacuees and left the compound , they unloaded the first evacuees delivered by Operation Frequent Wind at 15 : 40 .
 Released in April , Stardust was met with high sales and near @-@ universal positive reviews .
@ 3 points out of 10 , and wrote : " Thirty years ago , Willie Nelson took a typically left turn and followed up a string of successful albums with a cover album of songs made famous by decidedly non @-@ country musicians like Dean Martin , Frank Sinatra and Louis Armstrong [ ... ] What makes the record so thrilling and very often beautiful — and what separates him from today 's ham @-@ handed vocalists — is Nelson 's facility as an interpreter [ ... ] With his tender , textured voice and intuitively around @-@ the @-@ beat phrasing , Nelson gives these songs fresh readings , with just the touch of sentimentality and nostalgia they demand .
At the tail @-@ end of the trough , increased shower and thunderstorm activity associated with a developing low @-@ pressure area prompted the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) to begin monitoring the disturbance for tropical cyclone formation the next day .
Leicester Square was packed with sightseers and fans and police were unable to control the crowd due to the number of people .
Indeed , it has been said that Goldfinger was the cause of the boom in espionage films in the 1960s , so much so that in " 1966 , moviegoers were offered no less than 22 examples of secret agent entertainment , including several blatant attempts to begin competing series , with James Coburn starring as Derek Flint in the film Our Man Flint and Dean Martin as Matt Helm " .
Art historian Sarah Victoria Turner speculates that this is not simply for dramatic effect , but reflects the fact that after the Royal Academy 's 1837 move to its new building in Trafalgar Square the studio used by the life class was a cramped and poorly ventilated room lit by gaslight , which when crowded with students and with the lights on could become extremely hot .
The French side of the island incurred relatively little destruction , with scattered roof and window damage , though Orient Beach " was a scene of complete devastation " ; several businesses there suffered extensively .
The embarkation took only five minutes , but as the vessels attempted to depart two of them , overloaded with about 60 men on board , ran aground and stuck fast .
Sebille flew a P @-@ 51 ( tail number 44 @-@ 74394 ) loaded with two 500 pounds ( 230 kg ) bombs , six rockets , and six M2 Browning .50 caliber machine guns .
After Melissa sees a vision of Riggs , the deputy is forced to bludgeon himself to death with his own night stick .
Mersey Beat was their voice , it was a paper for them , crammed with photos and information about their own groups , which is why it also began to appeal to youngsters throughout Britain as its coverage extended to other areas . "
Heinz @-@ Harald Frentzen and Jean @-@ Christophe Boullion were eighth and tenth in the Saubers , with Rubens Barrichello ninth in the Jordan , two seconds off the pace .
Hill lost additional time with a sticking refuelling valve , causing his stop to last almost twice as long as Schumacher 's .
Following the inauguration were the inaugural galas , to which Bush wore a pale , aqua lace gown , sprinkled with crystals , with long sleeves in a silver blue mist .
Above the forested valleys and mountain slopes , alpine tundra conditions prevail , with grasses and small plants eking out an existence in a region that enjoys as little as three months without snow cover .
 Virtually all the historically known plant and animal species , with the exception of the bison and woodland caribou , are still present , providing biologists with an intact ecosystem for plant and animal research .
The rebel barons suspected that the proposed baronial council would be unacceptable to John and that he would challenge the legality of the charter ; they packed the baronial council with their own hardliners and refused to demobilise their forces or surrender London as agreed .
 Pressure from an increasing population led to the town being supplied with amenities such as sewers , which were built in 1875 – 1880 ; and Sale was connected to the telephone network in 1888 .
North Carolina was also a noted to have breeders of the Narragansett , with breeding stock having been brought to the area as early as 1790 by early pioneers .
Colored tiles , incised carvings , and painted plaster on the mosque are decorated with foliage , flowers , geometric patterns , and Quranic inscriptions .
In 1888 , with a little string @-@ pulling by Grigorovich , the short story collection At Dusk ( V Sumerkakh ) won Chekhov the coveted Pushkin Prize " for the best literary production distinguished by high artistic worth . "
As a result , some navies adopted ' dual @-@ firing ' boilers which could use coal sprayed with oil ; British ships so equipped , which included dreadnoughts , could even use oil alone at up to 60 % power .
The Turk , surviving , then praises Gawain and showers him with gifts .
After the game , Bart , while ridiculing his sister for being poor at sports , begins shooting pieces of litter at Lisa with his hockey stick , and Apu , the coach of the Kwik @-@ E @-@ Mart Gougers , notices that she is a natural at hockey goal @-@ tending and makes her goalie for his team .
While reviewers variously called it a " high @-@ octane , stomach @-@ churning terror ride " and " turbo @-@ injected with moral ambiguity " , others noted that the action eventually grows tiresome .
The Eagles traded up from the 19th pick with the Green Bay Packers to select Davis , giving Green Bay the 19th selection ( which was used on cornerback Vinnie Clark ) and a first @-@ round pick in the 1992 NFL Draft .
Defensive end Reggie White , who signed with the Green Bay Packers following the 1992 season after spending eight seasons with the Eagles and earned seven Pro Bowl selections , said that he believed he destroyed Davis ' confidence as a rookie and second @-@ year player , as Davis had to go up against White in practice every week .
 The Green Bay Packers signed Davis on January 22 , 1999 , reuniting him with new Packers coach Ray Rhodes .
His tenure with the Packers was short @-@ lived , however , as Green Bay released him in June .
 Loaded lines are lines designed with deliberately increased inductance .
Precipitation was generally light in the state , with a few scattered locations reporting over 1 inch ( 25 mm ) .
A journalist for Daily Mirror wrote : " From the still @-@ brilliant ' Overload ' to the tender ' Too Lost in You ' , the hits kept on coming as the crowd screeched louder with every song . "
 While Sukarno devoted his energy for domestic and international politics , the economy of Indonesia deteriorated rapidly with worsening widespread poverty and hunger , while foreign debt obligations became unmanageable and infrastructure crumbled .
He appointed his protégé BJ Habibie as vice @-@ president while stacking the cabinet with his own family and business associates ( his daughter Tutut became Minister of Social Affairs ) .
 = = = An Evening with The Smashing Pumpkins = = =
 After the marathon Infinite Sadness tour , the band embarked on a scaled @-@ back 36 @-@ date world tour entitled An Evening with The Smashing Pumpkins to support Adore .
Prisons are overcrowded with little access to adequate food and medical facilities , and prisons run by traditional rulers in the north are charged with holding political opponents at the behest of the government .
Menachem continued , " [ Dr. Luke ] injects the song with an energy recalling Robyn and early Gwen Stefani .
All the girls trying to be Hollywood and stuff with their big glasses , me shooing them away . "
Cyrus ' video [ ... ] is stocked with a great many of those things we like and do well : a drive @-@ in theater , trucks and muscle cars , Daisy Dukes , giant flags .
Written and produced by Carey along with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , the song was released on January 25 , 2000 , through Columbia Records as the second single from her seventh studio album , Rainbow ( 1999 ) . "
When Jam and Lewis first started working with Carey , they did not have a definite idea of what Carey expected from them .
 Mass Effect 2 : Kasumi - Stolen Memory received generally mixed reviews , with most critics criticizing the pack 's short length .
Rotavirus is often spread by direct contact with infected children .
Saplings of endemic plants , including baobabs , from the Madagascar spiny thickets in the southern part of the island have also been transported to the park and planted with the help of Colas .
Atchity maintains that Dreamtime offers nothing new except " the energy of its serendipity " , noting similarities with books such as James Frazer 's The Golden Bough ( 1890 ) , Robert Graves ' The White Goddess ( 1948 ) , and the works of Carlos Castenada .
Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times gave the album two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half out of four stars and felt that it lingers at the end with a series of slow jams and " atmospheric clutter " , even though its best songs " warrant the increased attention . "
Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times called the show a " triumph " and also went on to say that the creator Theresa Rebeck as well as her team , " have managed to capture the grand and sweeping gesture that is musical theater and inject it with the immediate intimacy of television . "
 Hepburn appeared in a number of plays with a summer stock company in Ivoryton , Connecticut , and she proved to be a hit .
A " fire @-@ eater with a marvellous flow of language " , it was Cubitt 's manner of speech , more than anything else , which made an impact on his contemporaries ; a front @-@ line officer in 1918 described watching him , during the October offensive , clearing a traffic jam with merely " a magnificent gush of language " .
@ 7 m ) to a drop shaft near Furnival Road , a new sewer from Furnival Road to the Whitbread Brewery with another from the Sheaf Valley sewer to the central bus station , extension of the Don Valley sewer to Gilpin Street , and finally extension from Gilpin Street to Livesey Street in Hillsborough .
She commented , saying : " I was raised around him , I always saw him [ and ] had holidays with him and stuff like that " , adding that she was unaware of his fame until she was 13 years old .
The western part of the Medvednica Mountain is fairly lightly inhabited , with no settlements except at the base of the mountain .
There are plans of constructing four hydroelectric power plants around Zagreb with one being in Zaprešić ( HE Zaprešić , also known as HE Podsused ) as a part of a system of exploiting natural resources of the Sava River .
Casting director Mary Jo Slater loaded the film with as many Hollywood stars as the production could afford , including a minor appearance by Christian Slater , her son , as an Excelsior officer ; Cinefantastique considered the cameo a likely attempt to lure younger audiences .
Cheap animatics provided Meyer with placeholders to cut into the film and avoid costly surprises .
During Kirk 's trial , Chang also mocks Kirk with lines from Richard II .
 The association of General Chang with the politics of the Munich Agreement that involved attempted appeasement of Nazi Germany are brought up twice in the film .
The first is with Chang with other Klingon officials at a dinner with Kirk and Federation officers , where Chang declares that the Klingon Empire needs " breathing room " , to which Kirk responds by imitating Spock 's earlier quoting of Hamlet , saying that Chang 's reference is " Earth , Hitler , 1938 " .
The previous five films were released in collectors ' box sets with new packaging ; retailers were offered the chance to photograph their retail setups for a chance to win an expenses @-@ paid tour of The Next Generation 's set and tickets to an advance screening of The Undiscovered Country .
The men hatched an escape plan , and on 7 April 1944 , with the help of two other prisoners , they hid inside a pile of wood stacked between the inner and outer perimeter fences , sprinkling the area with tobacco soaked in gasoline to fool the dogs .
The walls of this chamber are also camouflaged with simulated entries to shower rooms in order to mislead the victims .
It is likely that the initial colonisation was of the easternmost islands , with a subsequent spread to the central and western island groups from the western caldera of São Miguel , where both eastern and western song types are found .
In lowland Britain , there was an increase of 48 % following the 1970 / 71 winter , with many pairs spreading into deciduous woodlands where they would not normally breed .
The freeway would continue , interchanging with the Garden State Parkway near Exit 100 in Neptune and terminate at the Route 18 freeway in Neptune .
After studying some game theory , she became proficient with the Rubik 's Cube and then chess .
 In September 1935 , after seven years , Briskin resigned from Columbia , failing to reach an agreement with Harry Cohn over stock options .
Pierre Gilliard recalled his last sight of the children at Yekaterinburg : " The sailor Nagorny , who attended to Alexei Nikolaevitch , passed my window carrying the sick boy in his arms , behind him came the Grand Duchesses loaded with valises and small personal belongings .
He entered the match with Jamaica already 2 – 0 down , replacing Darren Mattocks after 62 minutes , but was unable to affect the score .
The King starts inflating him with a pump , and then , to save time , lets other onlookers finish the job while he drives off .
It is a torch song where Patinkin supplies the male voice while Madonna sings during the second verse with strings and harmonics .
The series was highly successful , with unprecedented crowds raising large amounts for war charities .
The last pre @-@ war series between England and Australia in 1938 had been an attritional and hard @-@ nosed contest , but in the afterglow of the war victory , the cricketers played flamboyantly with abandon in front of packed crowds .
Drawing members of various races in his crowd scenes and showing their interactions with one another , Lat portrayed Malaysians in a gentle and unbiased comic manner .
In order to settle the war with Mari , Isar @-@ Damu allied with Nagar and Kish .
Digging all around the mound was conducted by nearby villagers with the aim of finding artifacts ; some villagers removed carloads of soil suitable for making ceramic liners for bread @-@ baking ovens from the tunnels .
 Before undertaking any moves against Constantinople , Vatatzes realized the need to settle affairs with Thessalonica , and in particular with Theodore , whose ambition , capability , and machinations he feared .
For example , when a thin polymer coating ( usually a polyimide ) is spread on a glass substrate and rubbed in a single direction with a cloth , it is observed that liquid crystal molecules in contact with that surface align with the rubbing direction .
Following the broadcast of this episode of 30 Rock , the musical performance video was made available for digital download on iTunes with all the proceeds from the sales going to the National Kidney Foundation .
 He , O Mahākāli who in the cremation @-@ ground , naked , and with dishevelled hair , intently meditates upon Thee and recites Thy mantra , and with each recitation makes offering to Thee of a thousand Akanda flowers with seed , becomes without any effort a Lord of the earth .
With rhythm guitar parts , the " heavy crunch sound in heavy metal ... [ is created by ] palm muting " the strings with the picking hand and using distortion .
When power chords are played on the lower strings at high volumes and with distortion , additional low frequency sounds are created , which add to the " ... weight of the sound " and create an effect of " ... overwhelming power " .
Anthropologist Anne Russon saw several animals on these forested islands learn on their own to jab at catfish with sticks , so that the panicked prey would flop out of ponds and into the orangutan 's waiting hands There are few reports of gorillas using tools in the wild .
Ireland , a rich businessman with interests in drapery and undertaking , bought a 10 @-@ acre ( 4 ha ) site from Thomas Read Kemp in 1822 and opened the gardens on 1 May 1823 .
; Cauty added " Yeah , like a jungle novelty record with some strings on it or something .
 Small nucleic acid complexes can be equipped with sticky ends and combined into larger two @-@ dimensional periodic lattices containing a specific tessellated pattern of the individual molecular tiles .
The priest bathes him , asks the gods for forgiveness on his behalf , and sprinkles him with water .
The sprinkling with water and the refraining from certain foods probably come from the purification rituals that those priests had to undergo before entering a temple .
Direct imaging with the Hubble Space Telescope shows extensive dust clouds out to a radius of around 2000 AU from the star , corresponding with a stream of fine dust ( composed of grains 5 nm in diameter ) associated with the star 's stellar wind and coarser dust ( composed of grains with a diameter of around 0 @.
The remnants of Kammuri spread across South Korea with rainfall .
She was again patched up and pumped with air , breaking the surface on 29 November .
He received a single fifth @-@ place vote to tie for 17th with seven other players in James Norris Memorial Trophy voting as the league 's best defenceman .
On the morning of December 31 , the defense attaché was nearly killed when his vehicle was sprayed with bullets and that evening , a soldier at a roadblock shot the tires of a vehicle carrying another defense official .
In July , however , he was drafted by the Democratic National Convention as the vice presidential nominee on a ticket with Ohio governor James M. Cox .
During this period , he worked closely with James Farley , chairman of the New York State Democratic Committee and another devoted Roosevelt supporter .
He did so despite requests from some of his men to " allow them to mow down the French troops with the heavy guns loaded with grapeshot " .
 The southern and western parts of the walls were originally faced with a local ashlar sandstone with a core of basalt rubble ; the sandstone was mostly quarried at Howick .
Admiral Paolo Thaon di Revel , the Italian naval chief of staff , believed that Austro @-@ Hungarian submarines could operate too effectively in the narrow waters of the Adriatic , which could also be easily seeded with minefields .
The episode " Black Blizzard " focuses on Ben and the carnival coping with a major dust storm .
The ground effects and blowing dust were created with combinations of volumetric computer graphics smoke , and the fireball of the nuclear explosion was built from Hubble images of the Sun .
It was mainly reported from the vast Zapata Swamp , where it inhabited open terrain with scattered trees .
 The habitat of the Cuban macaw was open savanna terrain with scattered trees , typical of the Zapata Swamp area .
On seeing them , Khrushchev exploded with anger , describing the artwork as " dog shit " , and proclaiming that " a donkey could smear better art with its tail " .
He established a corn institute in Ukraine and ordered thousands of acres to be planted with corn in the Virgin Lands .
While Khrushchev warned against those who " would have us plant the whole planet with corn " , he displayed a great passion for corn , so much so that when he visited a Latvian kolkhoz , he stated that some in his audience were probably wondering , " Will Khrushchev say something about corn or won 't he ? "
Reluctant to purchase food in the West , but faced with the alternative of widespread hunger , Khrushchev exhausted the nation 's hard currency reserves and expended part of its gold stockpile in the purchase of grain and other foodstuffs .
Soviet forces in the city clashed with Hungarians and even fired on demonstrators , with hundreds of both Hungarians and Soviets killed .
The site slopes gently down towards the river and is made up of historical buildings and undulating lawns interspersed with plants and trees .
Later those were replaced by a clay mound with a turf front on a new oak foundation , and eventually wooden battlements were added , which were then replaced by limestone walls and towers .
Kumbakonam is also identified with the Sangam age settlement of Kudavayil .
 The King 's Company was forced with some reluctance to commission the technically advanced and expensive Theatre Royal playhouse by the success of the rival Duke 's Company , which was drawing fascinated crowds with their " moveable " or " changeable " scenery and visually gorgeous productions at the former Lisle 's Tennis Court at Lincoln 's Inn Fields .
Many American companies with PR departments spread the practice to Europe when they created European subsidiaries as a result of the Marshall plan .
Mike Clark of USA Today felt it succeeded due to a " breathless 140 @-@ minute pace with a no @-@ flab script packed with all kinds of surprises . "
Saulnier was killed , Général de division Edme Desfourneaux badly wounded and many of their subordinates including all of the naval lieutenants , made casualties ; almost all of the rigging had been torn away , most of the guns smashed from their mounts and the decks literally heaped with dead bodies .
@ 1 @-@ metre ( 10 ft ) wide suburban stock , when it replaced its original 1898 Class trams with 1909 Class stock .
The Jar — Kolsås Line was upgraded and the stock was replaced with wider suburban trams .
Russ Bengtson of Complex said , " it 's a never @-@ hit @-@ skip album made by a 36 @-@ year @-@ old rapper with more hunger than most 15 years his junior . "
Provision of the RAAF 's radio facilities and technicians was considered a boon for contestants , though Cole later recorded that his role involved " twenty months ' hard work , without pay ... with loads of scurrilous and other criticism " .
After checking and assembling his fly fishing rod and tying on damp leader line , he walks to the river with a net hanging from his belt , a sack over his shoulder and the jar of grasshoppers dangling around his neck .
when preparing for his first live performances with the group were to play facing the audience , to stand with the bass slung low between spread legs , and to walk forward to the front of stage at the same time as he did .
On Alan Moore removing his name from the project , Burns says " it 's not hard to see why , " as well as criticising Portman 's performance : " Portman still seems to believe that standing around with your mouth hanging open constitutes a performance . "
In concert , the group interacted little with the crowd ; Paul Morley wrote , " [ D ] uring a Joy Division set , outside of the songs , you 'll be lucky to hear more than two or three words .
S. salmonicolor is a mycorrhizal fungus — meaning it forms a symbiotic association with the roots of plants such that both organisms benefit from the exchange of nutrients .
Glandular dots are made of clumps of pigmented cells , and , unlike reticulation or scabers ( small visible tufts of fibers that occur on the stems of other Suillus species ) , can be rubbed off with handling .
A Canadian field guide is more cautious in its assessment , and suggests that one would have to be brave to consume a mushroom with such a sticky veil .
Soundgarden was the first grunge band to sign to a major label ( A & M Records in 1988 ) , though the band did not achieve commercial success until they popularized the genre in the early 1990s with Seattle contemporaries Pearl Jam , Nirvana , and Alice in Chains .
He then worked briefly with The Smashing Pumpkins on the band 's 1998 album , Adore .
Padmini had retired from films and had settled in the United States with her husband Ramachandran at that time .
Chrysler funded a new plant along with a development centre for the Rootes Group at the Whitley plant , Coventry , where the development was continued .
 The engine was a traditional four cylinders diesel with indirect injection .
Authorities reportedly forced detainees to stand for long periods , beat them with boards and rubber hoses , and deprived them of sleep in an effort to force confessions .
 The event began with a video package of the event and its theme , " Night of Champions , " followed by opening pyrotechnics .
@ 8 t ) with a full combat load .
Patrode , a dish of colocasia leaves stuffed with rice , dal , jaggery , coconut , and spices is popular .
 Surgeon and historian William Wilde recollected that as a medical student at Dr Steevens ' Hospital in 1832 he was shown a silver trough , alleged to have belonged to Griselda Steevens , and accounts suggest that in the early 19th century a plaster cast of a human face with a pig 's snout was on display at the hospital .
The audience would ask her questions , and a member of the crew would poke the bear with a stick to make it grunt in reply .
Styles then went on to feud with Angle 's on @-@ screen bestfriend Frank Trigg , who attacked Styles with a kendo stick during Styles ' Four Ways to Glory qualification match with Cage , costing Styles to bout in the process .
Afterwards , Styles beat Trigg with a kendo stick to end their feud .
 Before undertaking any moves against Constantinople , Vatatzes realized the need to settle affairs with Thessalonica , and in particular with Theodore , whose ambition , capability , and machinations he feared .
Cunningham engaged an He 111 with an even spread of three aerial masts along its rear fuselage — indicative of a pathfinder .
Health workers who are not chronically absent frequently abandon their jobs because they are unable to cope with the heavy patient loads or because they are afraid that working in a medical environment will increase their risk of becoming infected with HIV .
Allman invited bassist Berry Oakley to jam with the new group ; the pair had met in a Jacksonville , Florida club some time earlier , and became quick friends .
 The group also held an improvisational approach to live performances , which connected the band with jam band culture . "
The only official title he held within the film community was member of The National Academy of Arts , which he joined in 1997 , and he did not cultivate friendships with journalists who could further his career .
The plan calls for restoring 7 million acres of bee habitat with a variety of different plants for bees to eat .
In the study , the insecticide was present in the soil of unplanted fields near those planted with corn and on dandelions growing near those fields .
 In 2005 , a team of scientists led by the National Institute of Beekeeping in Bologna , Italy , found pollen obtained from seeds dressed with imidacloprid contain significant levels of the insecticide , and suggested the polluted pollen might cause honey bee colony death .
Analysis of maize and sunflower crops originating from seeds dressed with imidacloprid suggest large amounts of the insecticide will be carried back to honey bee colonies .
 Also , in 2012 , researchers in Italy published findings that the pneumatic drilling machines that plant corn seeds coated with clothianidin and imidacloprid release large amounts of the pesticide into the air , causing significant mortality in foraging honey bees .
 Arthur Devereux went back to a business career after the war , first in Boston , then in New York and eventually settling with his wife and children in Cincinnati , Ohio .
 Written and produced by Madonna and Pettibone , " This Used to Be My Playground " was the first time that Pettibone worked with live string arrangement .
This Used to Be My Playground " starts with a keyboard introduction and strings , with Madonna singing in expressive but subdued vocals .
 In early 1896 , with the economy still poor , there was widespread discontent with the two existing major political parties .
 After seeing the Planet Express crew 's attempt to defeat him , Melllvar wonders if they are more worthy of his adoration than the Star Trek cast , and decides to settle the question with a battle to the death .
All of the living members of the original Star Trek cast agreed to appear in the episode with the exception of James Doohan , whose agent replied with " No way . "
The Free Produce Association raised $ 3 @,@ 000 to help stock the new warehouse with goods .
On 8 December 1795 , while in transit , cruising off the Ganges Delta , Surcouf captured his first prized , the ship Penguin , loaded with lumber , on which he detached a prize crew under Lieutenant Péru before sending her to Isle de France .
 On the night of 28 January , Surcouf captured the 12 @-@ gun Diana , loaded with 6000 bags of rice .
 After her return to Ile de France , Confiance was armed as a merchantman en aventurier with an 89 @-@ man crew and loaded with colonial goods for her return to France .
On the journey , Surcouf still managed to capture a number of ships , notably the Portuguese Ebre , with eighteen 12 @-@ pounder carronades and a 60 @-@ man crew ; he released her against a ransom of 10 @,@ 000 piastres and after exchanging her greatmast with that of Confiance .
This was accomplished using numerous closely spaced perimeter columns to provide much of the strength to the structure , along with gravity load shared with the core columns .
The perimeter columns were designed to provide support for virtually all lateral loads ( such as wind loads ) and to share the gravity loads with the core columns .
 The tube frame design using steel core and perimeter columns protected with sprayed @-@ on fire resistant material created a relatively lightweight structure that would sway more in response to the wind , compared to traditional structures such as the Empire State Building that have thick , heavy masonry for fireproofing of steel structural elements .
 The species is more abundant in warm climes rather than cool or cold climes , and in the southern United States , cultivated fields will often be riddled with their burrows after a penetrating rain .
Vegetable matter is consumed in great quantities and Indiana specimens collected in 1974 were found to have stomachs completely filled with grass seeds .
This 48 KB Spectrum ( development code @-@ name TB ) introduced a new QL @-@ style case with an injection @-@ moulded keyboard and a reset button that was basically a switch that shorted across the CPU reset capacitor .
Just after she leaves , Jerry tries to reason with the others that he did not know she had a pony and wonders why immigrants with ponies would leave Europe to come to America without ponies ( " Who leaves a country packed with ponies to come to a non @-@ pony country ? "
She was often spoofed by comedian Les Dennis in the 1980s ; the character featured along with Dustin Gee 's impression of Vera Duckworth in a variety of sketch shows .
When Centaur left Sydney , her decks were packed with green @-@ uniformed men , and as Field Ambulance uniforms were only distinguishable from other Army uniforms by badge insignia and the colouration of the cloth band ringing the hat , a distant observer could have concluded that the hospital ship was transporting soldiers .
 Meningitis caused by the bacterium Neisseria meningitidis ( known as " meningococcal meningitis " ) can be differentiated from meningitis with other causes by a rapidly spreading petechial rash , which may precede other symptoms .
 The origin of the term " cultivar " arises from the need to distinguish between wild plants and those with characteristics that have arisen in cultivation ( what we now call cultigens ) .
The Cultivated Plant Code emphasizes that different cultivated plants may be accepted as different cultivars , even if they have the same genome , while cultivated plants with different genomes may be regarded as the same cultivar .
 Genetically modified plants with characteristics resulting from the deliberate implantation of genetic material from a different germplasm may form a cultivar .
Plant retailers wish to maximize their share of the market and one way of doing this is to replace the cumbersome Latin scientific names on plant labels in retail outlets with appealing marketing names that are easy to use , pronounce and remember .
One major aim is to prevent the duplication of cultivar and Group epithets within a genus , as well as ensuring that names are in accord with the latest edition of the Cultivated Plant Code .
The ICRA then checks each new epithet to ensure that it has not been used before and that it conforms with the Cultivated Plant Code .
The latter was surmounted by a brick facing with a rubble core , to which a rectangular pier was attached .
 Lord Selkirk was involved with the first permanent settlement ( known as the Red River Colony ) , the purchase of land from the Hudson 's Bay Company , and a survey of river lots in the early 19th century .
On 8 November 1873 , Winnipeg was incorporated as a city , with the Selkirk settlement as its nucleus .
He was appointed Bishop of Chiapas , but served only for a short time before he was forced to return to Spain because of resistance to the New Laws by the encomenderos , and conflicts with Spanish settlers because of his pro @-@ Indian policies and activist religious stances .
His father died the next year and , in collaboration with his brother James and his father 's business partner , James Gatehouse , he continued to manage and run James Minifie & Co .
 The first , 1602 : New World , takes place shortly after the end of 1602 , with the heroes settling down in America .
She breaks off the relationship , leaving Michael heartbroken and stuck with a pair of tickets to Jamaica .
Unbeknownst to Kevin , Jughead has a score to settle with Veronica .
Some supporting characters cross @-@ dress , such as Nuriko from Fushigi Yuugi , and some series are centred around the idea of changing sex , such as Ranma ½ , whose protagonist changes sex , but not gender , when splashed with cold water .
West Cobalt , loaded with scrap iron , sailed from Hampton Roads , Virginia , on 28 June for Halifax .
 When the pilgrims reach the appropriate Miqat ( depending on where they 're coming from ) , they enter into a state of holiness – known as Ihram – that consists of wearing two white seamless cloths for the male , with the one wrapped around the waist reaching below the knee and the other draped over the left shoulder and tied at the right side ; wearing ordinary dress for the female that fulfills the Islamic condition of public dress with hands or face uncovered ; taking ablution ; declaring the intention ( niyah ) to perform pilgrimage and to refraining from certain activities such as clipping the nails , shaving any part of the body , having sexual relations ; using perfumes , damaging plants , killing animals , covering head ( for men ) or the face and hands ( for women ) ; getting married ; or carrying weapons .
 Even with these crowd control techniques , there are still many incidents during the Hajj as pilgrims are trampled or ramps collapse under the weight of the many visitors .
They recorded a total of 28 minutes of music for the film ; however , several cues were replaced later with music by Shriekback and Michel Rubini . "
Among those with whom he performed were Anton Rubinstein and , in a concert in Offenbach 's native Cologne , Liszt .
I suppose for now I 'm happy with sticking to what he is .
When the second verse begins the students are in the classroom while guards patrol its perimeter and the teacher hits a blackboard with a pointing stick .
By lap 40 , Alexander Rossi was instructed to unlap himself behind the safety car , but when he failed to do so in an acceptable time , the race was resumed on lap 41 , with Rossi stuck between the front runners .
However , when she fails to do it , Naruto decides to settle things with Sasuke himself .
Dan Martin of The Guardian praised Moffat 's " script packed with ace curveballs and zappy dialogue " and Nick Hurran 's direction .
 Jamila and the President opens with narration from Jamila ( Atiqah Hasiholan ) , a victim of human trafficking , followed by several scenes showing her living a glamorous yet unfulfilling night life .
 Before his death , Henry instructed the coachman to gather his remaining body parts in a cloth tied with blue string , place it in a cart drawn by a stallion .
Written by Szilárd in consultation with fellow Hungarian physicists Edward Teller and Eugene Wigner , the letter warned that Germany might develop atomic bombs and suggested that the United States should start its own nuclear program .
After discussing this prospect with fellow Hungarian physicist Eugene Wigner , they decided that they should warn the Belgians , as the Belgian Congo was the best source of uranium ore .
Grady Hendrix of Slate appreciated Rajinikanth 's characterisation in the film , calling the character , Saravanan 's ability to read minds " well @-@ trained " before concluding , " Rajinikanth 's movies are crammed with comedy , action , and musical numbers and they take great delight in kicking narrative logic in the face . "
Responding to this , Vasu said that he did not know anything about psychiatric disorders : " I never had a brush with a ghost .
The gold seeds were produced by filling a long tube with radon pumped from a radium source , the tube being then divided into short sections by crimping and cutting .
 Positive @-@ pressure ventilation systems can be combined with a heat exchanger to recover energy in the process of exchanging air with the outside , and simply exhausting basement air to the outside is not necessarily a viable solution as this can actually draw radon gas into a dwelling .
Most critics noted that Halo 2 stuck with the formula that made its predecessor successful , and was alternatively praised and faulted for this decision .
 She and her sister ship , Yamato , were the heaviest battleships ever constructed , displacing 72 @,@ 800 tonnes at full load and armed with nine 46 cm ( 18 @.
The white purses used for the clothing allowance may be distinguished from the white purses which contained Maundy money , as the former was tied with a short green string ; the latter bears a long red string .
Most of the lodes in the Bullfrog Hills are not simple veins but rather fissure zones with many stringers of vein material .
After the books were sprinkled with holy water , Zotov began his instruction ; first in the alphabet , and then the Prayer Book .
Interest began to be revived in the indietronica and electroclash movements in the late 1990s and , in the first decade of the 21st century , it enjoyed a widespread revival with commercial success for acts including La Roux , Lady Gaga , Kesha , Owl City , M83 and Chvrches .
After a lightning six @-@ a @-@ side ( outdoor ) tournament format was successfully carried out a few weeks prior , it was decided to play six @-@ a @-@ side for this exhibition game between MCC and a composite team from other clubs , with players wearing rubber shoes and using a softer ball for the match .
Unlike in field lacrosse where some defensive players carry " long poles " ( a lacrosse stick with a 5 feet ( 1 @.
He had conversations with the Hungarian government that summer as well , discussing their potential role in an invasion of Czechoslovakia .
Cooper then dreams he is in a room hung with red curtains .
Both incest and violent sexuality would become recurring themes for the series , examples of which include Palmer 's later murder and possible molestation of his niece Maddy and Benjamin Horne 's unwitting brush with incest with his masked daughter in the One @-@ Eyed Jacks brothel .
In 1905 , Villa won the FA Cup with a then record crowd of 101 @,@ 117 watching the match at Crystal Palace , where Villa beat Newcastle United 2 – 0 .
 With the plant missing , EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair bay along with WALL @-@ E for cleaning .
WALL @-@ E escapes with the plant before the pod explodes and uses a fire extinguisher to propel himself back toward the Axiom , where he and EVE reconcile and celebrate with a dance in space .
Stanton reversed this following a 2007 test screening , as he wanted to show EVE replacing her directive of bringing the plant to the captain with repairing WALL @-@ E , and it made WALL @-@ E even more heroic if he held the holo @-@ detector open despite being badly hurt .
@ 0 m ) radio @-@ controlled jet plane for EVE 's flying , and for her plasma cannon , Burtt hit a slinky hung from a ladder with a timpani stick .
 During writing , a Pixar employee noted to Jim Reardon that EVE was reminiscent of the dove with the olive branch from the story of Noah 's Ark , and the story was reworked with EVE finding a plant to return humanity from its voyage .
 In the wild , the species of Schlumbergera grow either on trees ( epiphytic ) or on rocks ( epilithic ) and can form sizeable shrubs with woody bases ; a height of up to 1 @.
 In 2011 , Rayne would start a rivalry with Mickie James over the Knockouts Championship , and would successfully defend the title against her at Genesis , and at Against All Odds in a Last Knockout Standing match , both times after interference from Tara .
Afterwards , Rayne , claiming to now be done with James , announced the beginning of an open challenge series intended to find her new opponents , and , as part of it , successfully defended the Knockout Championship against former Knockouts ODB , Roxxi and Alissa Flash .
On May 15 at Sacrifice , Tara turned on Rayne during her match with James , costing her the Knockout Championship and guaranteeing herself a release from her contract with Rayne .
Hillary Busis of Entertainment Weekly praised the entry , writing that " for anyone who ’ s stuck with The Office through thick and thin ... last night 's 75 @-@ minute @-@ long finale was pretty much perfect . "
In addition , stacking the tribunal entirely with pro @-@ English clergy violated the medieval Church 's requirement that heresy trials be judged by an impartial or balanced group of clerics .
 The intensity of Thomson scattering for one particle with mass m and charge q is :
In 1912 – 1913 , the younger Bragg developed Bragg 's law , which connects the observed scattering with reflections from evenly spaced planes within the crystal .
Laue scattering provides much structural information with only a short exposure to the X @-@ ray beam , and is therefore used in structural studies of very rapid events ( Time resolved crystallography ) .
In the past , crystals were loaded into glass capillaries with the crystallization solution ( the mother liquor ) .
To obtain the phases , full sets of reflections are collected with known alterations to the scattering , either by modulating the wavelength past a certain absorption edge or by adding strongly scattering ( i.e.
 Let 's consider the fraction of scattered waves that leave with an outgoing wave @-@ vector of kout and strike the screen at rscreen .
Since the amplitude at these reflections grows linearly with the number N of scatterers , the observed intensity of these spots should grow quadratically , like N2 .
With the sixth seed in the Stanley Cup playoffs , the Devils lost to the Philadelphia Flyers four games to one .
The shoulders are draped with black on both uniforms .
Sandy Koufax pitched the top of the ninth for the Dodgers and though he loaded the bases with three successive walks to Aaron , Torre , and DeMerit he did not allow any runs .
Verkhovsky , having no time to place orders with reliable foreign suppliers , contracted the job to local plants already known for poor discipline and quality that were already loaded down with other Navy jobs .
In this time range it is possible to forecast smaller features such as individual showers and thunderstorms with reasonable accuracy , as well as other features too small to be resolved by a computer model .
He later told Starlog , " I saw that he would be very good with the physical stuff and that he could deliver a one @-@ liner .
Diane Werts of Newsday similarly said that Brisco " just about hits the bulls eye " with its " sharp wit " and " thrill a minute " action , although she noted that the pilot was over @-@ packed with characters and subplots .
 In 1997 , under the pretext of concern about mad cow disease , Ratsiraka obstructed Ravalomanana 's plans to build a farm stocked with imported high @-@ yield milk cows .
In a break with tradition , the new head of state moved away from reliance on its principal trading partner , France , and cultivated relationships with partners such as Germany , the United States and South Korea as part of his strategy for Madagascar 's economic development .
The originally South Asian surma — " galena " in English — spread across Asia with that meaning , and also gave its name to antimony in a number of Central Asian languages , as well as Russian .
The sight was really magnificent , all the ships in the docks were decked out in gayest colours and the river was crowded with boats filled with people .
The Brunswick Dock gates , which separated the South Docks system from the River Mersey , were opened allowing tidal movements in and the process of the clogging up the docks with sewage polluted silt began .
@ 6 , texture packs were replaced with " resource packs " .
It later received support for texture packs in its twelfth title update while introducing " mash @-@ up packs " , which combines texture packs with skin packs and changes to the game 's sounds , music and user interface .
The planned Group S was also cancelled and manufacturers were stuck with cars they could not race .
With the patronage of James V and James VI , writers included William Stewart , John Bellenden , David Lyndsay , William Fowler and Alexander Montgomerie .
While church art suffered iconoclasm and a loss of patronage as a result of the Reformation , house decoration and portraiture became significant for the wealthy , with George Jamesone emerging as the first major named artist in the early seventeenth century .
He criticised the game for not providing enough information about Wake and his wife , despite being " packed with memorable people " , but concluded that the game " redefines interactive storytelling " .
 The red @-@ backed fairywren mainly eats insects , and supplements its diet with seed and small fruit .
During the dry season from May to October , the encampment splits into smaller groups that relocate deeper into the forest to settle near babo tuber patches , with dwellings limited to brush shelters and thatch sunshades , and some individuals not living in shelters at all .
 Desmond Llewelyn played Q in seventeen Bond films , appearing in more Bond films than any other actor , where he worked with the first five James Bond actors .
The humour changed towards innuendo and self @-@ mockery during the Roger Moore films , with his jokes delivered with what media historian James Chapman considered to be a " wink at the audience " , with the suggestion that the violence was all a joke .
The Wieferich @ Home project searches for Wieferich primes by testing numbers that are one greater than a number with a periodic binary expansion , but up to a " bit pseudo @-@ length " of 3500 of the tested binary numbers generated by combination of bit strings with a bit length of up to 24 it has not found a new Wieferich prime .
Additionally the NCWRC stocks Lake Phelps with bluegill and they have begun a program to reintroduce alewife and blueback herring via fish ladder on Bee Tree Canal from the Scuppernong River .
On 14 December 1942 , as a 34 @-@ year @-@ old lieutenant colonel , he accompanied Colonel Kenneth Nichols to Wilmington , Delaware , to discuss the location of a proposed plutonium production plant with representatives of DuPont .
 Initially , the intention had been to locate the plutonium plant with the Manhattan Project 's other production facilities at the Clinton Engineer Works in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , but concerns had arisen about the dangers of an atomic explosion , and Knoxville lay only 20 miles ( 32 km ) away .
Farm and ranch demonstrations feature numerous breeds of livestock along with stock dog trials and team penning competitions .
The bricks were plastered together with lime .
 While figures are not available for Oslyabya , one Russian account after the battle said that the Borodinos were approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as they were overloaded with coal and other supplies that were stored high in the ships , reducing their stability .
Oslyabya 's main armor belt was fully submerged with a full load , much less any additional coal and supplies , and thus the four @-@ inch @-@ thick upper armor was the only available protection for the ship 's waterline .
Whilst incapacitating Sey , who was suffering from excited delirium , police sprayed him with CS spray and held him on the ground for approximately 15 minutes , and he subsequently died .
 For an officer to be authorised to carry CS spray as part of their personal protection equipment , they have to have completed a training course in use of the spray , which includes being sprayed with a 3 % solution of CS .
 Some forces have opted to replace CS spray with Captor or PAVA spray , with 60 % of forces now estimated to be using PAVA .
 In February 2006 , Dan Ford , from Wareham in Dorset , received permanent scarring to his face after being sprayed with CS during an arrest by police .
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own , the O & ATC was unable to operate the line , and on 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold at auction .
 Up to this time , Chapman had enjoyed a harmonious relationship with the Australian crowds .
Chapman was popular with the crowds but made a poor start to the tour with the bat until he scored more substantially in the lead @-@ up to the Test series .
The Combine also use headcrabs as a biological weapon against dissidents , firing artillery shells loaded with the creatures into areas and allowing them to infest the vicinity .
@ 7 m ) long , with a maximum load of 5 @.
After the exit for Lower Notch Road , the route enters more wooded surroundings , interchanging with Notch Road / Rifle Camp Road before entering Clifton .
The route continues into Hasbrouck Heights , where it turns more south @-@ southeast , interchanging with Boulevard .
This rock work covered with moss and filled in with water plants luxuriant grasses and ferns margins an ornamental sheet of water of serpentine form from the surface of which jets of water are thrown into a huge basin shell – one of the largest of the kind we have seen .
Avenues of sequoias and cedars were planted along with other specimen trees .
 Clarken Combe , at the western edge of the estate , is a woodland area with a range of plant species , including narrow @-@ lipped helleborine , which grows here in small numbers under beech .
The HRM command constructed the torpedo from a small outboard motor boat loaded with explosives .
The waters are well stocked with carp , roach and tench .
 He was a member of the United States team at the 2004 Summer Olympics along with high jumpers Matt Hemingway and Jamie Nieto .
 In the city the population was spread out with 27 @.
Stephen Tomašević was thus determined to settle his differences with Catherine and guaranteed her the title and privileges of a queen dowager .
Combined liver and kidney transplants are sometimes undertaken in patients with renal failure .
Basically , I 'm bored with drum machines and samples and stuff .
During the summer of 1944 , elements of the division were tasked with guarding Hungarian Jewish forced labourers building fortifications in Tuzla .
Beginning on June 16 to June 27 , 2011 , the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on Knowles ' official website , paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and an insightful quote .
Andrew Unterberger of the website Popdust compared the song with Ryan Tedder @-@ produced songs like Jordin Sparks ' " Battlefield " and Kelly Clarkson 's " Already Gone " .
He believed that the video would make the singer 's naysayers realize Shania 's vocal talents and ability to entertainment and interact with a crowd .
San Antonio qualified for the playoffs as the third seed with a 54 – 28 record , but with an aging supporting cast ( Bowen , Michael Finley and Kurt Thomas were all in their late 30s ) , the Spurs were only considered fringe contenders for the championship .
In the end , Homer is left with a mismatched collection of parts stuck in hardened cement , which angers him .
5B was dark coloured , sticky , smooth paste which burned fiercely for many minutes , stuck easily to anything with which it came in contact and did not flow on burning . "
He was a parsimonious bowler , who was popular with crowds for his sense of humour .
It had suspension and steel wheels with pneumatic rubber tires .
Torontoist 's Kevin Plummer wrote : " As the all @-@ male jury announced its acquittal , the courtroom — crowded with young people — erupted into applause . "
Nine camels in the date palm plantations in Arava Valley were injected with ivermectin , which is not effective against Hyalomma tick infestations .
In India , dromedaries are fed with forage plants such as Vigna aconitifolia , V. mungo , Cyamopsis tetragonolaba , Melilotus parviflora , Eruca sativa , Trifolium species and Brassica campestris .
Edwards singled off Brecheen and allowed Furillo to score , and after Cookie Lavagetto walked , the score was 8 – 4 with the bases loaded .
In the First Test , Miller took seven wickets , including Hutton and Compton twice , bearing a large part of the bowling workload after Lindwall broke down with a groin injury on the first day .
Miller returned for another match against Yorkshire , albeit with a lighter bowling load .
Yardley responded by stacking his leg side with outfielders and bowling outside leg stump , challenging Miller to another hit for six .
Andriantsimitoviaminiandriana also created three formal ways of pronouncing a sacred and binding oath ; these included the mively rano ( striking the surface of a body of water with a stick ) , the milefon 'omby ( striking a calf with a spear ) and the misotro vokaka ( drinking water mixed with ashes taken from a king 's tomb ) .
@ 7 acres ) of SSSI land , the old route of the A33 was planted with 7 @.
The top two teams ( seeded one and two ) from each conference are awarded a bye week , while the remaining four teams ( seeded 3 @-@ 6 ) from each conference compete in the first round of the playoffs , the Wild Card round , with the third seed competing against the sixth seed and the fourth seed competing against the fifth seed .
The winners of those games then compete in the Conference Championships , with the higher remaining seed hosting the lower remaining seed .
Other ships are represented loaded with " Asiatics " , both adults and children , who were possibly slaves .
Burrowing rodents may eat the fruiting bodies of fungi and spread spores through their feces , thereby allowing the fungi to disperse and form symbiotic relationships with the roots of plants ( which usually cannot thrive without them ) .
 The Texas pocket gopher avoids emerging onto the surface to feed by seizing the roots of plants with its jaws and pulling them downwards into its burrow .
The dormice were also caught from the wild in autumn when they were fattest , and either roasted and dipped into honey or baked while stuffed with a mixture of pork , pine nuts , and other flavorings .
Podres intentionally walked Willie Mays to load the bases with one out , and induced a double play from Orlando Cepeda to end the inning .
As Tolhurst 's alcohol consumption increased , Smith recalled that his behaviour was similar to that of " some kind of handicapped child being constantly poked with a stick " .
Josiah Randall was friendly with James Buchanan , a Pennsylvania Democrat then serving as the United States ' envoy in Great Britain .
Once the House determined to impeach Johnson , Randall worked to direct the investigation to the Judiciary Committee , rather than a special committee convened for the purpose , which he believed would be stacked with pro @-@ impeachment members .
 Randall left no doubt about his sympathies when he assigned members to the committee , stacking it with Hayes 's enemies from both parties .
So deep was her admiration , Lear speculates the scene of Miss Moppet wrapping her head in the duster comes from a similar scene in an Uncle Remus tale in which Br 'er Fox " feigns illness in a rocking chair , wrapped up with flannel " .
Stuffed toy manufacturers requested licensing for Potter 's figures early in the 20th century ; however she refused to grant permission , having been disappointed with the quality of the proposed stuffed toys .
Stone stuck with Fortune , which upset Forbes publisher Malcolm Forbes , who turned down a later request to use his private yacht .
The same evening it is reported that a black prisoner was assaulted by prison officers in front of other prisoners , and injected with Largactil – a sedative used to control prisoners , known in prisons as the " liquid cosh " .
A raked funnel cap was also installed during the reconstruction , along with an enlarged aircraft hangar ; the main mast was also moved further aft .
German aircraft arrived later to jam British radar with chaff .
Fraser in the powerful battleship Duke of York , along with the cruiser Jamaica and four destroyers , moved to a position southwest of Scharnhorst to block a possible escape attempt .
Sântana de Mureş @-@ Chernyakhov " villages , sometimes covering an area exceeding 20 hectares ( 49 acres ) , were not fortified and comprised two types of houses : sunken huts with walls made of wattle and daub and surface buildings with plastered timber walls .
The inner moat is 50 metres ( 160 ft ) wide but relatively shallow and the banks have been repeatedly strengthened with piles to protect them from erosion .
Constructed in dressed stone with a core of rubble , the pyramid is now ruined and resembles a conical hill in the sands of Saqqara .
Todd apologizes to Marty for all the pain he caused her , and begins falling in love with Blair Cramer ( Kassie DePaiva ) after a one @-@ night stand .
He said that " like all soap actors , " he sticks with the script the majority of the time , " but every now and then he goes off the page , " commenting , " You get to direct yourself .
 The choral anthems , including Remember not , Lord , our offences , that Purcell composed after his appointment to Westminster and before his appointment at the Chapel Royal are described as his " last concentrated involvement with the verse anthem without strings . "
In an interview with Dustin Fitzharris of Out , Wyatt explained that the song has an ambiguous meaning , " It can deal with addiction .
Azotobacter species are Gram @-@ negative bacteria found in neutral and alkaline soils , in water , and in association with some plants .
Several members are associated with plants and are found in the rhizosphere , having certain relationships with the plant .
 Azotobacter species are free @-@ living , nitrogen @-@ fixing bacteria ; in contrast to Rhizobium species , they normally fix molecular nitrogen from the atmosphere without symbiotic relations with plants , although some Azotobacter species are associated with plants .
Star Wars creator George Lucas liked the basic design consisting of two panels connected by a stick with a ball @-@ shaped cockpit , but the Cantwell 's concept had few details .
Between October 2 – 8 four Saudi cargo planes left Saudi Arabia loaded with arms and military material for Yemeni royalist tribesmen ; however , the pilots defected to Aswan .
Meanwhile , after three straight days of partying , Jesse tries to keep hanging out with Badger and Skinny Pete , but they are exhausted and go home , along with all of the other guests in Jesse 's house .
Music writer Donarld A. Guarisco later wrote of the song 's sound , in that " Marvin Gaye 's studio recording enhances the dreamy style of the song with stately horn and strings , tumbling drum fills that gently nudge the song along , and mellow , doo wop @-@ styled background vocals that echo " love her , you love her " under his romantic pleas .
The ship 's carpenter tried to stuff the breaches with mattresses and other materials , but the holes were by then too far below the waterline to be reached .
Written by Alexander Kronlund and Lukas Hilbert with production from Hilbert and James Reynolds , the song was released as the collection 's lead single on 8 August 2010 as a digital download and on 9 August as a CD single .
The band walked around on a beach and danced in a rock pool ( with artful splashing ) while dressed in a variety of beachwear .
The cover of the November 1983 The Undertones compilation album , All Wrapped Up showed a female model wearing cuts of meat held in place with plastic wrap .
The editorial cartoon suggested readers cut out the image , smear it with foodstuffs , and mail it to [ show curator Diana ] Nemiroff ; her address was included with the image .
In the video , Bieber stands on a baseball diamond and dons apparel from both teams in the Series , wearing a San Francisco Giants hat and Texas Rangers jacket Scenes in which Bieber sings on the diamond is intercut with players hitting the ball and hanging in the dugout , as well as Bieber playing a guitar .
 For guitars with six strings , every major @-@ third tuning repeats its three open @-@ notes in two octaves , so providing many options for fingering chords .
Notes and chords may be shifted diagonally in major @-@ thirds tuning , by combining a vertical shift of one string with a horizontal shift of four frets : " Like all regular tunings , chords in the major third tuning can be moved across the fretboard ( ascending or descending a major third for each string ) .... "
Such hobbyists may also play major @-@ thirds tuning , which also has many open chords with notes on five or six strings ; chords with five @-@ six strings have greater volume than chords with three @-@ four strings and so are useful for acoustic guitars ( for example , acoustic @-@ electric guitars without amplification ) .
To achieve the E @-@ E open @-@ string range of standard ( Spanish ) tuning , Patt started using seven @-@ string guitars in 1963 , before settling on eight @-@ string guitars with high G ♯ ( equivalently A ♭ ) as their highest open @-@ notes .
One Warlock explored and found a region , whose Human inhabitants called it " Azeroth " , from which the Warlock returned with strange plants as evidence of his discovery .
Brushing the city with strong winds , the cyclone soon weakened and turned southeast .
 The Germans and Austro @-@ Hungarians wanted to transport munitions down the Danube to the Ottoman Empire , so on 24 December 1914 , Bodrog and the minesweeper Almos escorted the steamer Trinitas loaded with munitions , the patrol boat b and two tugs from Zemun past Belgrade towards the Iron Gates gorge on the Serbian – Romanian border .
The torpedoes that were fired missed the monitors but struck a lighter loaded with fuel .
There are about 26 species in the genus ( see below ) , ranging in size from understorey shrubs with subterranean stems to subcanopy trees as tall as 20 metres ( 66 ft ) .
 Aiphanes is a genus of spiny palms ranging from 20 @-@ metre ( 66 ft ) tall subcanopy trees to small shrubs with subterranean stems growing in the forest understorey .
Multi @-@ stemmed palms range from plants with a single main stem and a few basal suckers to caespitose clumps of 20 densely packed stems .
The rachis bears rachillae , which are smaller branches which themselves bear the flowers , while the peduncle is the main stalk connecting the rachis with the stem of the plant .
Seeds are light brown with a thin seed coat ( or testa ) and white endosperm , which is sweet and tastes somewhat like coconut .
The biodiversity there is high , with 853 species of plant , 21 of which are found nowhere else .
, and members of MintJam helped with arrangement .
WB has tried to stick with day @-@ and @-@ date releases for most countries , except the Middle East and a few minor markets which were to be in holidays at that point .
Eventually , Hinde 's father purchased a large tract of land in southern Illinois where he founded a town and settled with his family .
Dump trucks loaded with dirt were ready to make earthen dikes around the Riegel paper mill , due to the severe damage caused to it by hurricanes earlier that year which caused the 1955 Delaware River flood .
 The building has four gables to the front ; the upper storey and the attics all overhang with jetties .
The roof is tiled , with two prominent brick chimney stacks .
The song placed at number two on Rolling Stone magazine 's " 100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time " list , which noted that the song " unveiled a new guitar language charged with spiritual hunger and the poetry possible in electricity and studio technology . "
Dion DiMucci included an acoustic version with strings on his 1968 comeback album Dion .
@ 26 km ) along Terminal Avenue between DE 9 and the Port of Wilmington , interchanging with I @-@ 495 .
All parts of the plants are covered with star @-@ shaped trichomes .
 Some names refer to the plant 's size and shape : " shepherd 's club ( s ) " or " staff " , " Aaron 's Rod " ( a name it shares with a number of other plants with tall , yellow inflorescences ) , and a plethora of other " X 's staff " and " X 's rod " .
In Canada , it is most common in the Maritime Provinces as well as southern Quebec , Ontario and British Columbia , with scattered populations in between .
 Because it cannot compete with established plants , great mullein is no longer considered a serious agricultural weed and is easily crowded out in cultivation , except in areas where vegetation is sparse to begin with , such as Californian semi @-@ desertic areas of the Eastern Sierra Nevada .
The quarry , which had been unused for around ninety years , was filled with compacted rubble and heavily overgrown with trees and shrubs , making assessment of the site difficult until significant work had been carried out , but the assumption that the floor of the quarry was flat proved to be correct .
 Another issue with Plantinga 's defense is that it does not address the problem of natural evil , since natural evil is not brought about by the free choices of creatures .
Eight days later , loaded with rolling stock , steel rails , and other general cargo for the United States Army , the cargo ship sailed for France .
While Pierre failed to make the team , Georges impressed the Canadiens , especially with the use of his stick to block shots .
Showrunner Carlton Cuse revealed his name comes from Hurley 's father , David Reyes - who would later appear in the series played by Cheech Marin - because the writers " wanted Hurley to imagine a friend and have that be wrapped up in his unresolved relationship with his dad " .
 The BBC have adapted five of the Fleming novels for broadcast : in 1990 You Only Live Twice was adapted into a 90 @-@ minute radio play for BBC Radio 4 with Michael Jayston playing James Bond .
 Country Standard Time called Atkins " the type of wholesome country musician that you would enjoy hanging out with on a Sunday afternoon with your wife and kids . "
He has solidly connected with a younger crowd weaned on rock .
, area , brought with them to Atlanta large stockpiles of two @-@ dollar bills that were stamped with Clemson Tiger Paws .
With the new settlement established , Alarcón continued on to the East Texas missions , where he found evidence of much illicit trade with France .
Over half of the population was classified as Spaniards , with settled Indians making up the next largest category .
He was one of three Mansfield players , along with Louis Briscoe and Scott Garner , to play in a 1 – 1 with Hungary on 15 September 2009 .
They also could not exhaust the defenders with hunger because , after their supplies were cut , the Byzantines themselves had to deal with that problem .
Finally , the band was settled with the song " Square One " , which Martin has described as " a call to arms " and a " plea " to each of them " not to be intimidated by anything or anyone else " .
Most of the convection associated with the system had dissipated and the center of circulation became exposed , with a small area of showers and thunderstorms to the north .
Once the hair is finished , the original vinyl body is weighted with a soft stuffed body filled with pellets .
 Returning to the Army of the Potomac in October 1863 , Col. Edwards and the 37th Massachusetts took part in the Mine Run Campaign then settled into winter camp with the rest of the Army of the Potomac .
At the age of 14 , each of the children began their training : the brothers with the plantation 's skilled master of carpentry , and Harriet as a spinner and weaver .
s foray into the world of classical music with flutes and strings , Harrison 's introduction of a sitar on " Norwegian Wood ( This Bird Has Flown ) " marked a further progression outside the traditional boundaries of popular music .
They continued to experiment with string arrangements to various effect ; Sgt.
The company was organised with James and his partner , Emmanuel Silver , owning a controlling interest , variously described as 51 % or 50 % plus one share .
I Love You " – were published by an EMI subsidiary , Ardmore & Beechwood , before they signed with James .
 The wealthy Siebold left Taki and Ine with a stockpile of valuable sugar to support themselves and arranged for his associates to watch over them .
In a courtship ritual resembling that of goats or gazelles , the male Japanese serow licks the female 's mouth , strikes her on the hind legs with his forelegs , and rubs her genitalia with his horns .
Betelguese , a Trip Through Hell opens with a prefatory note by De Esque written on September 22 , 1907 , in which he reveals that the writing of the poem began when he was " up at [ his ] desk mauling and drubbing the English language with a vengeance for thirty @-@ six consecutive hours , and that [ he ] awoke at 12 @.
However , a review in March 28 , 1909 edition of the Salt Lake Tribune was mixed on De Esque 's off @-@ beat use of the English language , stating , " it is plentifully sprinkled with weird words without any particular meaning . "
Terraces packed with inflatable @-@ waving supporters became a frequent sight in the 1988 – 89 season as the craze spread to other clubs ( inflatable fish were seen at Grimsby Town ) , with the phenomenon reaching a peak at City 's match at Stoke City on 26 December 1988 , a match declared by fanzines as a fancy dress party .
The waters are stocked with brook , brown and rainbow trout by the State of Connecticut and other fish include largemouth bass , yellow perch and sunfish .
It was the first Ancient Egyptian bilingual text recovered in modern times , and it aroused widespread public interest with its potential to decipher this previously untranslated hieroglyphic language .
" Giving the episode 5 out of 5 stars , Bill Treadway of DVD Verdict said the episode is his " personal favorite of all the episodes " , writing that " this one is loaded with enough unique twists and hilarious comedy to bear repeat viewings . "
He made the New York Rangers roster out of training camp two consecutive years , but spent most of 2013 – 14 with the Hartford Wolf Pack of the AHL , where he recorded 34 points in 48 games .
 Little Mix co @-@ wrote " DNA " with TMS and Iain James .
Lucy Buckland of the Daily Mail positively reviewed the performance , " [ Little Mix wowed ] crowds with ' DNA ' and their ability to carry off so much jean action in 2012 . "
Blitz said that " Even when [ the children ] can speak incredibly fast and are packing their sentences with tons of SAT words , they still don 't know exactly what they 're talking about .
 Despite the magnanimous provisions of Rhode Island 's charter , it did not definitively settle the land disputes with Connecticut , which would continue for more than half a century .
Nor did it settle the issue with the Atherton Company , occupying two large tracts of land within Rhode Island 's " Narragansett country " .
 First broadcast on BBC2 , Edge of Darkness was met with such widespread critical acclaim that within days it had earned a repeat on BBC1 .
 The video opens with two men street dancing in a white hall , with speakers and chairs scattered around .
Southern Hemisphere locales where the slippery jack grow with plantation pines include South America , Africa , Australia , and New Zealand .
Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) attempts to settle the fight with the help of Oprah Winfrey , whom she meets on a return flight from Chicago .
McGovern worked with deputy director James W. Symington and Kennedy advisor Arthur M. Schlesinger , Jr. in visiting South America to discuss surplus grain distribution , and attended meetings of the United Nations ' Food and Agriculture Organization .
She wears a draped mantle — embroidered with seed pearls in a pattern of ostrich plumes — and a matching turban .
Team Canada then attacked 3D , knocking out Ray in the process with a hockey stick .
The Romans urbanized the territory with numerous settlements and built a network of high @-@ quality Roman roads connecting them , allowing for the integration of Helvetia into the imperial economy .
Other blood @-@ sucking insects infect livestock with diseases that kill many animals and greatly reduce the usefulness of others .
Clark went on , " This work is one of much interest , with all its defects , not the least of which is that it is too liberally stuffed with ' horrid circumstances of blood and battle . '
 U2 began work on the album in 2006 with record producer Rick Rubin but shelved most of the material from those sessions .
 = = = Aborted sessions with Rick Rubin = = =
 In 2006 , U2 started work on the follow @-@ up to How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb ( 2004 ) , collaborating with producer Rick Rubin in southern France and at Abbey Road Studios in London .
They ultimately decided to end recording with Rubin ; though the material from these sessions was shelved , the band expressed interest in revisiting it in the future .
The band scaled back these experimental pursuits , however ; Mullen , Jr. noted , " at a certain stage , reality hits , and you go , ' What are we gonna do with this stuff ? '
In 1674 , according to Johann Ludwig Burckhardt , someone smeared the Black Stone with excrement so that " every one who kissed it retired with a sullied beard " .
As troops attempted to stretch a barbed wire barricade across a bridge leading to the pagoda , the crowd tore it down with their bare hands .
 On December 21 the Liverpool arrived , accompanied by a store ship loaded with supplies and munitions .
At the mid @-@ levels , the circulation appeared more broad in nature , with notable rainbands wrapping into the low .
Throughout 23 November , a slight northerly component took place in the track , with Alessia remaining offshore as it brushed the Kimberley region .
During the February 20 , 2006 edition of Raw , however , Massaro suffered a fractured left fibula while being eliminated from the Women 's Battle Royal , and her feud with James was cut short .
On the January 14 episode of Raw , Ashley teamed up with Mickie James and Maria in a losing effort to the team of Beth Phoenix , Jillian Hall , and Melina in a 6 person @-@ tag @-@ team match .
In the 1840s the trussing was changed from stays to tension rods to strengthen and lighten the wheel , along with improvements to the pumps .
The 408 oak teeth on the pitwheel were replaced and the pumps overhauled with new rope packing .
The Rest of the World ' match the charity event Soccer Aid , along with James McAvoy and Woody Harrelson .
In early 1831 the steam locomotive Seguin came into operation , able to tow seven cars loaded with 21 tons or up to 28 empty cars from Givors to Rive @-@ de @-@ Gier in an hour and a half .
In 1835 , the practice of pony penning began , with settlers rounding up ponies and removing some of them to the mainland .
While wearing them , he suddenly notices that he can shock people with static electricity by rubbing his feet on the carpet .
Radiographs of exhumed dogs in the ancient world have revealed that the mummification process involved wrapping the embalmed bones together with bandages and placing them within a wooden statue of Anubis , the jackal @-@ headed deity associated with mummification and the afterlife in ancient Egyptian religion .
 In the two months after Katrina struck south Florida , Hurricane Rita brushed the region in late September with tropical storm @-@ force winds and flooding rains .
@ 3 mi ) later , Maté sat up with cramping in his knee – stemming from a crash in Stage 2 – having already wrested the lead of the mountains classification away from Thomas De Gendt ( Vacansoleil – DCM ) .
Hopefully we can stick with it tomorrow , have a good practice and be competitive in the mix on Sunday . "
The nest is a cup of dry grass , moss and twigs , with a soft lining of finer plant material or hair .
At the time , he was busy with his part of the massive Lincoln biography he was compiling with John Nicolay , Abraham Lincoln : A History .
Other historians were more hostile : Vernon L. Parrington in 1930 called it a " dishonest book " and " a grotesque fabric smeared with unctuous morality " .
Mantises are sometimes confused with stick insects ( Phasmatodea ) , other elongated insects such as grasshoppers ( Orthoptera ) , or other insects with raptorial fore legs such as mantisflies ( Mantispidae ) .
Mantises , along with stick insects ( Phasmatodea ) , were once placed in the order Orthoptera with the cockroaches ( now Blattodea ) and rock crawlers ( now Grylloblattodea ) .
The Independent described the " giant Asian praying mantis " as " part stick insect with a touch of Buddhist monk " , and stated that they needed a vivarium around 30 cm ( 12 in ) on each side .
The ground was officially opened on 31 August 1932 , for York 's 2 – 2 draw with Stockport County in the Third Division North .
If her contemporary edge needs sharpening , she 'll hang with the Wu @-@ Tang Clan ...
The crime waves that occurred by and large were the aftermath of the war and whites coming back from fighting in the Civil War and settling scores with people and all sorts of renegade activity that didn 't involve black people at all , but they were blamed for it , and that was then used as a kind of ruse for why these incredibly brutal new legal measures then began to be put in place . "
 Webber 's orchestral accompaniment added a different level to the track , with its composition consisting of pizzicato strings , and its flowing tempo introducing Covington 's opening vocals .
Judge Andy Collins felt the " hack @-@ and @-@ slash " classic was " packed with action " and has run the module more than any other .
The world 's first public railway to use steam locomotives , its first line connected collieries near Shildon with Stockton @-@ on @-@ Tees and Darlington , and was officially opened on 27 September 1825 .
1 , and Pease , Stephenson and other members of the committee made an experimental journey between Shildon and Darlington , with James Stephenson , George 's elder brother , at the controls .
@ 5 km ) line linking Simpasture on the S & DR 's line near today 's Newton Aycliffe station with Haverton and Stockton , via a route that was 6 miles ( 10 km ) shorter than via the route of the S & DR , and named the Clarence Railway in honour of the Duke of Clarence , later King William IV .
The suspension bridge had been designed to carry 150 tons , but the cast iron retaining plates split when it was tested with just 66 tons and loaded trains had to cross with the waggons split into groups of four linked by a 9 yards ( 8 @.
 In 1852 the Leeds Northern Railway ( LNR ) built a line from Northallerton to a junction with the Stockton to Hartlepool line and a section of the route ran parallel to the S & DR alongside the Yarm to Stockton Road .
A spot in the match saw Garrison Cade come out to ringside with a stuffed animal , which prompted Cade to tore up toy animal .
This means the waters will be stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season .
Next long narrow stringers ( similar to rails on a railroad track ) were nailed to the ties , with a distance between stringers of about 6 feet ( 1 @.
On the east side of town , M @-@ 113 runs through fields mixed with scattered groves of trees .
The agricultural economy was dependent on arable farming including staples such as barley and oats supplemented with stock @-@ rearing .
Bresciano had also claimed a regular spot in the " Socceroos " line @-@ up , justifying his selection with a string of goals , including a match @-@ winning free @-@ kick against New Zealand and the only goal in a one @-@ nil victory against South Africa .
, in order to avoid dealing with money injection mechanisms and other factors that would overcomplicate his models .
Since the strike had been going on for a few months , with no settlement expected in the near future , union members began to lose hope .
On the run from a pregnant girlfriend himself and his abusive alcoholic father , Geordie leaves for London , where he falls in with seedy underworld baron Benny Barrett ( Malcolm McDowell ) .
 After Stuart Urban had left the production and the decision had been taken to re @-@ shoot some of the material he had completed with Pedr James directing , producer Charles Pattinson suggested to Peter Flannery that the first episode should not simply be remade , but also rewritten .
According to Suzette , Selena often designed and sewed her own outfits backstage with her designers , moments before she was due on stage .
Heseltine began legal proceedings for defamation , eventually settling out of court with the publishers , Secker and Warburg .
Meanwhile , the Sultan received intelligence reports that revealed Vlad 's alliance with Hungarian king , Matthias Corvinus .
 Throughout the history of fabric production natural dyes have been used to apply a form of colour , with dyes from plants , including indigo from Woad , having dozens of compounds whose proportions may vary according to soil type and climate ; therefore giving rise to variations in shade .
According to the CAB , by opening the cross @-@ feed valves between the number 3 and 4 fuel tanks , and leaving them open with the boost pump on for much of the flight , the flight engineer most likely caused the number 4 tank to run dry , resulting in the failure of both right side engines due to fuel exhaustion or starvation during the final flight segment .
The sculptures resemble concrete but are made of plastic and filled with waste plastic and wetland plants .
 Mulligan stars in the film adaptation of Thomas Hardy 's novel Far from the Madding Crowd with Tom Sturridge , Matthias Schoenaerts , and Michael Sheen for director Thomas Vinterberg and Fox Searchlight .
The monument contains no plants with special conservation status .
It was not until January 9 , 1779 , though , that the Continental Congress commissioned Sumner as brigadier general ( along with fellow North Carolinian James Hogun ) , and ordered him to join General Benjamin Lincoln in South Carolina .
 After the band 's dissolution , Svenonius went on to form the short @-@ lived Cupid Car Club with James Canty and Steve Gamboa , the Make @-@ Up ( again with Canty and Gamboa ) , and Weird War .
 The helmet was too fragile to be excavated in situ so it was removed within a block of earth held together with plaster of Paris .
With so many loose ends to wrap up , the hour felt overstuffed : the impending wedding , The Norseman , Agent X , Morgan 's first field assignment ...
Diocletian 's reply : " If you could show the cabbage that I planted with my own hands to your emperor , he definitely wouldn 't dare suggest that I replace the peace and happiness of this place with the storms of a never @-@ satisfied greed . "
There were many tributes to him over the course of the season , including his former teammates celebrating with him by spraying champagne and beer on one of his jerseys after they clinched the 2009 American League West division championship .
A jungle scene with Mitchell , Fox and Roth was filmed until 4 : 00 a.m. on October 27 , 2007 with industrial sprinklers and Mitchell referred to this as her " most intense experience on the show " .
Good Girl Gone Bad : Reloaded was promoted with four singles , including the US number @-@ one hits " Take a Bow " and " Disturbia " , and " If I Never See Your Face Again " , which featured Maroon 5 .
If I Never See Your Face Again " was originally included on the standard version of It Won 't Be Soon Before Long without the inclusion of Rihanna , however , Levine stated in an interview with James Montgomery for MTV News while on set of the music video that he wanted to try something different for the album 's re @-@ release .
 " Learning that Charley Fonville , Michigan shot putting ace , will no longer thrill the crowds with his mammoth heaves was a sickening shock .
This is analogous to a real voltage source , such as a battery , which remains near constant @-@ voltage with load provided that the load resistance is much higher than the battery internal resistance .
She has no intention of participating in the Alice Game and only wishes to live happily with her twin sister , Souseiseki.Phase 25 Suiseiseki 's ability is to supply nourishment to souls and memories and is able to summon plants for offensive purposes with her watering can.Phase 19 Jun becomes her master during the events of the series.Phase 17 Suiseiseki is voiced by Natsuko Kuwatani and English dubbed by Rebecca Forstadt .
The standard torpedo carried by Triton was the Mark 37 , with a weapon load of ten forward and five aft .
At the recommendation of Admiral Rickover , a hose was rigged to spray the bearing housing with a steady stream of sea water to keep the shaft cool , as well as a special watch set to monitor the temperature of the lube oil .
@ 24 with loaded weight & 50 % internal fuel )
Later , when Orson still refuses to be bathed , Bree takes him outside and sprays him with the garden hose until he begs her to stop .
The second title was Girl With A Stick , which took inspirations from The Legend of Zelda and Tomb Raider .
As a result , Girl With A Stick was scrapped .
According to Price , Girl with A Stick is a lesson for Insomniac and its first failure .
 A few weeks after the cancellation of Girl with a Stick , Brian Hastings proposed that the company should work on a space adventure game with a science fiction theme .
The reception to Fuse showed the company it should develop " colorful , playful experience that 's loaded with unusual , sometimes silly weapons " .
The company has canceled several games , including Monster Knight , Girl with a Stick for the PlayStation 2 , and 1080 Pinball — a pinball simulation downloadable game — which began development in 2007 .
The young boy tries to play soccer with James and sell him more DVDs , but the soldier walks by without saying a word .
Several people , however , have refused to settle with the studio .
A delegation of senior English clergy met with Henry and his advisers at Stockbridge shortly before Easter in April .
Henry was not prepared to directly attack Louis , who was still his feudal lord , and withdrew , settling himself with ravaging the surrounding county , seizing castles and taking the province of Quercy .
Made of paper , bamboo and cork with a rubber band to twirl its rotor , it was about a foot long .
As a glide ended , the pilot was supposed to lower himself to a vertical position through an opening in the wing and land on his feet with his arms wrapped over the framework .
The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars that were served by two aircraft elevators , each 14 by 14 meters ( 46 by 46 ft ) ; the center elevator as used in Hiryū was deleted to simplify construction and reduce stress in the hull .
 The video opens with shots of a dank underground sewer .
The women begin spraying each other with bottles of water , before Stevens returns to the sewer .
 By November , a specimen of the exotic South American Catasetum orchid Hooker had given to Darwin had shown its " truly marvellous " mechanism , by which it shot out a pollinium at any insect touching a part of the flower " with sticky gland always foremost " .
Hooker told Darwin that the book showed him to be " out of sight the best Physiological observer & experimenter that Botany ever saw " , and was glad to note that two leading traditional botanists had accepted the concept of evolution ; " Bentham & Oliver are quite struck up in a heap with your book & delighted beyond expression " .
 For some years before 1862 I had specially attended to the fertilisation of our British orchids ; and it seemed to me the best plan to prepare as complete a treatise on this group of plants as well as I could , rather than to utilise the great mass of matter which I had slowly collected with respect to other plants .
 It is interesting to contemplate an entangled bank , clothed with many plants of many kinds , with birds singing on the bushes , with various insects flitting about , and with worms crawling through the damp earth , and to reflect that these elaborately constructed forms , so different from each other , and dependent on each other in so complex a manner , have all been produced by laws acting around us .
Once in position , the male deposits a spermatophore , which is a gooey stalk tipped with a packet of sperm , and walks the female forward to be inseminated .
@ 1 m ) , and when fully loaded with 600 tonnes of cargo , have a draught of 8 @.
A Time Magazine article later stated that Redmond 's " proudest memory of the first day of integration three weeks ago , when truancy was rife , is that ' my Franklin kids stuck with it . '
Entering the Easter period , Eddleston 's 20th league goal of the campaign earned Nelson a 1 – 1 draw with Grimsby Town at Seedhill on 31 March .
The route is scattered with number of temples .
In an adjoining small cell , the sacred scripture is placed ; the importance of this scripture is that it has been scripted with gold dust and the crushed bone powder of a divine Lama .
 After several failed attempts by Homer ( including naming several celebrities on drugs , such as Mötley Crüe 's Tommy Lee , sitcom actress Brett Butler , and actor / comedian Andy Dick , and offering Bart taffy laced with several Focusyn pills sticking out ) , Marge convinces Bart to take the medication .
The storm brushed Bermuda with light rain , and the remnants produced precipitation in the Azores and the United Kingdom .
The single was also released the same day as a download in the two countries with the same track listing .
Innovative designs include butterfly wings stuck with gum on paper , and ebony and hardwood carvings of wood from the tropical region .
The squadron leader then pursued his wife with a loaded revolver , the pair eventually arriving at Scherger 's quarters .
He stayed with Gerhard on his farm near São Paulo until more permanent accommodations were found with Hungarian expatriates Geza and Gitta Stammer .
Tucker felt that this opened " all this emotional stuff with the guys " , as well as " brought back all the themes of the show and tied the season up into a nice big bow " .
In the episode " Bugs " , the cast had to be sealed in a small area with hundreds of bees , and were stung despite wearing special costumes with cuffs sewn into their sleeves and pants .
With no funds and no rolling stock of its own the O & ATC was unable to operate the line .
Eight ordered by Brazil , to be developed and assembled there ; planned for pilot training and combat , being optimised for back seat air battle management , with jamming , information warfare and network attack , besides weapon system officer and electronic warfare roles .
 According to the statutes , the Foundation consists of a board of five Swedish or Norwegian citizens , with its seat in Stockholm .
These lectures normally occur during Nobel Week ( the week leading up to the award ceremony and banquet , which begins with the laureates arriving in Stockholm and normally ends with the Nobel banquet ) , but this is not mandatory .
 At times , a bull narwhal may rub its tusk with another bull , a display known as " tusking " and thought to maintain social dominance hierarchies .
The hurricane also damaged sugar cane , vegetables , and citrus crops , with citrus canker spreading after the storm passed through the area .
The Uxbridge Volunteer Fire Brigade with assistance from a pump provided by Pinner Hall were unable to save the building .
From June 16 to June 27 , 2011 , the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on Beyoncé 's official website , paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and a quote .
The fact that wolves are pack animals with cooperative social structures may have been the reason that the relationship developed .
 A botanical garden or botanic garden is a garden dedicated to the collection , cultivation and display of a wide range of plants labelled with their botanical names .
It may contain specialist plant collections such as cacti and other succulent plants , herb gardens , plants from particular parts of the world , and so on ; there may be greenhouses , shadehouses , again with special collections such as tropical plants , alpine plants , or other exotic plants .
This early concern with medicinal plants changed in the 17th century to an interest in the new plant imports from explorations outside Europe as botany gradually established its independence from medicine .
It is not merely a landscaped or ornamental garden , although it may be artistic , nor is it an experiment station or yet a park with labels on the plants .
In about 2800 BCE , the Chinese Emperor Shen Nung sent collectors to distant regions searching for plants with economic or medicinal value .
 Among the smaller gardens within Russia , one that is increasingly gaining prominence , is the Botanical Garden of Tver State University , ( 1879 ) — the northernmost botanical Garden with an exhibition of steppe plants , only one of its kind in the Upper Volga .
They were botanical gardens in the sense of building up collections of plants and exchanging seeds with other gardens around the world , although their collection policies were determined by those in day @-@ to @-@ day charge of them .
The Botanic Gardens Conservation Secretariat was established by the IUCN , and the World Conservation Union in 1987 with the aim of coordinating the plant conservation efforts of botanical gardens around the world .
Collections are often held and cultivated with the intention of reintroduction to their original habitats .
 Botanical gardens must find a compromise between the need for peace and seclusion , while at the same time satisfying the public need for information and visitor services that include restaurants , information centres and sales areas that bring with them rubbish , noise , and hyperactivity .
Attractive landscaping and planting design sometimes compete with scientific interests — with science now often taking second place .
The interest in economic plants now has less relevance , and the concern with plant classification systems has all but disappeared , while a fascination with the curious , beautiful and new seems unlikely to diminish .
The Environment Agency restocked the canal with 3 @,@ 000 fish in January 2013 and by May the Environment Agency said they were flourishing .
 Writer George Meyer , who was very " animal conscious " , was interested in writing an episode related to an annual ritual held in a Texan town , where the townspeople would beat rattlesnakes with sticks .
To pay for the building construction , the construction workers were paid with Maple Leaf Gardens stock instead of 20 % of their pay .
Smythe 's stable won the Queen 's Plate twice , the first in 1958 with Caledon Beau and the second in 1967 with Jammed Lovely .
From 1957 onwards , Smythe , along with other NHL owners including James D. Norris of the Chicago Black Hawks and his half brother Bruce Norris of the Detroit Red Wings were accused of union busting activities related to the attempt by Ted Lindsay and a group of NHL players to form an NHL Players Association .
Stafford 's son Thomas was a stick boy with the Maple Leafs and later was involved with the Toronto Marlboros and Doug Laurie Sporting Goods at Maple Leaf Gardens , before becoming director of the Smythe Charitable Foundation after Conn 's death .
Despite this distinction of local importance , Neilston remained a scattered community of small dwellings and farms , changing only with the arrival of the Industrial Revolution .
The territory of Neilston is not contiguous with any other settlement , and according to the General Register Office for Scotland , does not form part of Greater Glasgow , the United Kingdom 's fifth largest conurbation .
It was built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
 At 2 pm on Wednesday , March 21 , the Spray collided with the Lucinda four miles north of Barnegat , New Jersey , knocking a hole in the Spray 's bow that resulted in her filling with water ; the Lucinda also sustained damage .
Willis observed that the deck of the Spray was strewn with bedding and other articles from the cabin .
There , the harbor police took charge of the Spray and began retrieving items from the partially submerged cabin , including the captain 's bed , which was stained and splattered with blood .
At 9 am , the grand jury presented five bills of indictment against Jackalow : the murder of Jonathan Leete ; the murder of Elijah Leete ; the robbery of Jonathan Leete ; the robbery of Elijah Leete ; and running away with the Spray .
The testimony tended to prove that : the Spray was seen on March 15 with Jackalow and the Leetes aboard ; Jackalow was seen on the vessel alone on March 17 and 18 , heading to New York City ; Jackalow purchased supplies from a grocer in Brooklyn on March 19 with a roll of banknotes , including one $ 50 bill from the Mechanics Bank , and asked for change in coins .
He signed with Duke as a package with Tyus Jones , with widespread recognition as the preseason Collegiate National Player of the Year .
Three destroyers from the Kure Naval District , loaded with medical equipment and other essentials , were deployed to assist in relief work .
Tropical cyclones with changing intensity have more lightning within their CDO than steady state storms .
 Reflecting Zappa 's eclectic approach to music , the next album , Cruising with Ruben & the Jets ( 1968 ) , was very different .
It was originally a laughing stock with its high number of bathrooms and was known briefly as " Boldt 's Folly " or " Astor 's Folly " , with the general perception of the palatial hotel being that it had no place in New York City .
It was modeled after the grand salon in King Ludwig 's palace at Munich , with satin hangings , upholstery and marble pillars , all of pale green , and Crowninshield 's frescoes .
It was furnished with rattan chairs and lounges in pale @-@ green and pink , hung across with gauzy fabric .
The guests rooms , classified as Deluxe , Superior , and Luxury , feature " Waldorf Serenity " beds and have a marble bath or shower with amenities designed by Salvatore Ferragamo .
As an example , a New York investment fund run by Woodstock Festival founder Joel Rosenman invested $ 40 million spread over 37 separate deals with a Hsu company .
 During the last two decades of his life , Josquin 's fame spread abroad along with his music .
The route continues , passing beneath a pedestrian overpass and Upper Paradise Road before interchanging with Garth Street .
The route passes beneath another pedestrian bridge and West 5th Street then interchanges with Upper James Street ( former Highway 6 ) .
Initially Avondale continued its involvement with the Group Settlement Scheme , it was not until 1926 that research activities commenced .
The route was intended to join the settlements of King George Sound , York and the Swan River Colony along with the newly established settlement of Williams .
During 1935 , investigations into the effects of castrating male lambs with either mechanical pincers compared to using a knife , both of these methods have since been replaced with rubber elastrator rings .
In 1978 an invitation to visit and open Avondale 's agricultural displays was sent to Prince Charles , this was accepted and on 16 March 1979 Avondale was officially opened with commemorative tree planting near the entrance to the farm .
 The United States made use of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) to do away with a string of unfriendly Third World governments and to support allied ones .
While praising Claiborne 's story of nonviolence in response to personally being trapped with a friend in an alley by criminals who hit them with sticks , Tooley criticizes Claiborne for not explaining what he would have done in the case of encountering a pregnant woman who was being similarly treated .
They left behind evidence of their existence in massive middens or shell mounds filled with discarded food byproducts .
McQueen settled with 300 slaves and constructed a large house in a unique architectural style exhibiting four corner pavilions surrounding a great room .
He freed her in 1811 and charged her with running his Laurel Grove plantation at Doctors Lake in modern @-@ day Orange Park .
Anna returned to Florida in 1846 to settle an inheritance dispute with some of her husband 's white relatives ; because the will had been made under Spanish law , when inheritance by free blacks was legal , the court ruled in her favor and control of the Kingsley 's holdings in Florida remained with her and her children for several years .
Due to the potential affects of the hurricane on the cotton industry , cotton stock markets reported gains of eight to fifteen points from the first trades , with stock prices closing with a net gain as high as 24 points .
Ames was cremated , and according to her wishes , her ashes were combined with hemp seed and dispersed outside of Valkenberg Hospital where her memorial service was held .
The season trailed off as Powers got much of the late season workload with four consecutive 100 @-@ yard efforts in Michigan wins .
During the 1993 NFL season , his workload was modest in the backfield with Chris Warren and John L. Williams , but when he got the chance to play for the 1993 Seahawks he rose to the occasion with a career best 131 yards on 26 carries .
The couple arrange with smugglers to escape to Hungary , but it is a trick — the Gestapo arrest them on the train and take them to Auschwitz , where they are separated until after the war .
 Jewish characters try to pass themselves off as ethnic Poles by tying pig masks to their faces , with the strings showing at the back .
 With the primaries wrapped up , McCarthy spent July attempting to woo uncommitted delegates and clarify his positions on the issues .
Making his major league debut four days after signing and six days from his 18th birthday ( becoming the youngest active player in the majors at the time ) , Killebrew was called on to run for Clyde Vollmer , who had been hit by a pitch , with the bases loaded , by Chicago White Sox starter Jack Harshman while pinch hitting for Senators reliever Chuck Stobbs .
To honor Killebrew , the Twins wore their 1961 throwback alternate jerseys at home for the remainder of the 2011 season ; he was also honored by the Washington Nationals , who hung a jersey with Killebrew 's name and number 3 in their home dugout .
The Big Chill at the Big House set the current record with an officially certified crowd of 104 @,@ 173 .
After Jones was filmed in position , he was replaced by a hollow framework with a rubber mask that was pushed from behind by a snake head @-@ shaped puppet to give the illusion of Doom 's facial bones changing .
Page Cook , audio critic for Films in Review , describes Conan the Barbarian 's score as " a large canvas daubed with a colorful yet highly sensitive brush .
The image of him as the barbarian was an enduring one ; when he campaigned for George H. W. Bush to be president , he was introduced as " Conan the Republican " — a moniker that stuck with him throughout his political career and was often repeated by the media during his term as Governor of California .
 In 1990 , nearly three years after the book 's first publication , a defector from the Church of Scientology provided the Sunday Times with internal documents detailing the smear campaign against Miller .
Other investigators were used to smear his name with colleagues , friends and neighbours .
Conversion of these oxidation states is illustrated by the reduction of a strongly acidic solution of a vanadium ( V ) compound with zinc dust or amalgam .
 In the 1920 presidential election , Franklin was nominated as the Democratic vice presidential candidate with presidential candidate James M. Cox .
The Russians had moved to the next ridge @-@ line in much disarray ; however , that disarray was not seen from that distance with the dust and haze raised by an army on the move .
The incident made headlines throughout North America and led to much humour , including having many other NHL team mascots arrive at the 2003 All @-@ Star Game with their tongues hanging out .
@ 0 ha ) site have been planted with a thick grove of pine trees .
In the initial hearing , Lords Bridge , Browne @-@ Wilkinson and Oliver were all in favour of dismissing Hart 's case , later changing their mind with the new evidence available to them .
 Observations from the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope ( UKIRT ) in 1999 revealed that the star is in a RCB @-@ like phase with the release of dust and huge loss of mass .
 With a seed grant from Steven Spielberg , the creators of the film have set up the Trembling Before G @-@ d Orthodox Education Project , to teach Orthodox educators and rabbis about homosexuality , as well as convening the first Orthodox Mental Health Conference on Homosexuality and training facilitators to show the film to community leaders .
It is listed on the Zagreb Stock Exchange with a share capital of 169 @.
Liz agrees and goes on a successful date with Jamie ; the pair agree to go on a second date .
He even tries to , unsuccessfully , rival Liz to go on a date with Jamie .
It operated a fleet of Boeing 737 Next Generation and ATR 72 aircraft and operated on profitable short @-@ haul routes with higher passenger load factors .
The highway travels due east through an intersection with the Enchanted Parkway , which carries SR 161 southwards towards Wild Waves Theme Park and the city of Puyallup , to a hybrid cloverleaf @-@ stack interchange with I @-@ 5 , providing access to Seattle and Vancouver , British Columbia to the north , and Tacoma and Portland , Oregon to the south .
 The original cover shows the long @-@ haired band members in dresses and makeup , and Cooper holding a cape around himself with his thumb sticking out to give the illusion of an exposed penis .
Many of his officers showered him with praise , including the critical Captain Thomas Bullitt .
Spector characterized Angelou 's music as " calypso style with a liberal sprinkling of Afro @-@ Cuban , and a dash of blues mixed together with delicate jazz " .
However , the Saints were driven out of each of them in turn , ( lacking citation , or source ) due to conflicts with other settlers ( see History of the Latter Day Saint movement ) .
Settlement outside the Salt Lake Valley began as early as 1848 , with a number of communities planted in the Weber valley to the north .
Additional townsites were carefully chosen , with settlements placed near canyon mouths with access to dependable streams and stands of timber .
 Craniofacial and other features of LFS include : maxillary hypoplasia ( underdevelopment of the upper jaw bone ) , a small mandible ( lower jaw bone ) and receding chin , a high @-@ arched palate ( the roof of the mouth ) , with crowding and misalignment of the upper teeth ; macrocephaly ( enlarged skull ) with a prominent forehead , hypernasal speech ( voice ) , a long nose with a high , narrow nasal bridge ; a deep , short philtrum ( the indentation in the upper lip , beneath the nose ) , low @-@ set ears with some apparent retroversion , hypotonia ( decreased muscle tone ) , pectus excavatum ( a malformity of the chest ) , slightly enlarged to normal testicular size in males , and seizures .
 As the factory bell rings , the cigarette girls emerge and exchange banter with young men in the crowd ( " La cloche a sonné " ) .
 The opera is scored for 2 flutes , the second doubling piccolo , 2 oboes , 1 doubling oboe d 'amore , and the other doubling cor anglais , a clarinet and bass clarinet , a bassoon and contrabassoon , 4 horns , a flugelhorn , 4 trombones , a bass trombone , 1 timpanist , 3 percussionists , harp , electronic keyboard doubling piano and a string section consisting of at least six each first and second violins , 5 violas , four cellos and 3 double basses , including at least one bass with a 5th string or low extension , plus an improvising jazz player on amplified bass .
Mulder and Scully , reading that Funsch has not been tested yet , arrive at his house to find it strewn with smashed electronic devices .
 The genesis for " Blood " was Glen Morgan 's own hematophobia , combined with the controversy over malathion spraying in Southern California and a note between writers Morgan and Wong that simply read " Postal Workers " .
The writers of the episode did not know whether to write an episode that dealt solely with wrapping @-@ up Millennium or if they should feature elements of Millennium intermixed within an X @-@ Files investigation .
The series had featured other brushes with kisses between the two leads : in the fourth season episode " Small Potatoes " , a shapeshifter , disguised as Mulder , nearly kissed Scully ; in the 1998 film , the two 's " lips brushed slightly before Scully got stung by a virus @-@ carrying bee " ; and in the sixth season entry " Triangle " , Mulder kissed a Scully @-@ lookalike from the 1930s in a reverie of his .
While exact figures are not available , it is probable that the ships were approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as they were overloaded with coal and other supplies ; all of which was stored high in the ships and reduced their stability .
During his incarceration , he compiled three books dealing with the Quran and conceived the idea of writing a modern tafsir ( " interpretation " ) .
Those that lie down and roll to their sides with their feet pointing uphill may become stuck and unable to rise without assistance , with potentially fatal results .
Historical preparations involved packing whole mushrooms into containers with salt .
 The preparation of mushroom ketchup involved packing whole mushrooms into containers with salt , allowing time for the liquid from the mushrooms to fill the container , and then cooking them to a boiling point in an oven .
 head ) meaning " with a sticky head " making reference to the viscid cap surface .
The interior of the tomb is covered with rococo plaster with decorations .
Lewis Corner of Digital Spy awarded the song with five out of five stars and wrote : " Gaga belts over a chorus tastier and more filling than a meatball sub – stuffed with stadium @-@ sized beats and massive techno synths ; while the side of sax solo courtesy of the late Clarence Clemons is bound to seduce many a clubber into bringing out their rarely @-@ used @-@ nowadays air sax . "
He also called the song a " four @-@ on @-@ the @-@ floor anthem with loads of references to ' 80s pop music " and concluded " Thankfully , ' Edge of Glory ' proves Gaga hasn 't let her global celebrity get the best of her art , and she 's still capable to cranking out straightforward , dance @-@ ready jams like ' Just Dance ' or ' Poker Face ' . "
She started the performance while hanging from a giant spider web , with her aquamarine hair extensions stuck in it .
Cassini 's UVIS later observed gas jets coinciding with the dust jets seen by ISS during a non @-@ targeted encounter with Enceladus in October 2007 .
This is an expressway connecting Paris to Lille , and since 1992 congestion prices have been applied during weekends with the objective of spreading demand on the trip back to Paris on Sunday afternoons and evenings .
 The first implementation of such a scheme was Singapore Area Licensing Scheme in 1975 , together with a comprehensive package of road pricing measures , stringent car ownership rules and improvements in mass transit .
 The congestion tax is being introduced at the access and exit ramps of two interchanges on Essingeleden in order to reduce traffic jams in peak periods , and with shorter traffic jams on Essingeleden , the surrounding roads are expected to have shorter tailbacks .
While this behaviour was not well liked by the baseball establishment , he was popular with the home crowds because of his verbal tirades against umpires and opposing players alike .
However , the term has usually been limited to those used for smelting iron ore to produce pig iron , an intermediate material used in the production of commercial iron and steel , and the shaft furnaces used in combination with sinter plants in base metals smelting .
This pumping of airstream in with bellows is known as cold blast , and it increases the fuel efficiency of the bloomery and improves yield .
 Zinc production with the ISP is more expensive than with electrolytic zinc plants , so several smelters operating this technology have closed in recent years .
With Holmes still pressed against the side of the carriage , the door , with Huskisson hanging on to it , swung out directly into the path of Rocket .
Reports spoke of all available space at every window being packed with onlookers , other than the house in Duke Street in which Huskisson had stayed for the 10 days before the journey , and of people climbing trees and crowding onto roofs for a better view , despite rain and hail .
 Huskisson 's coffin was placed on a trestle table in the Town Hall , draped with black velvet and covered with feathered plumes .
Francesco Moser wrapped his handlebars with strips of foam in the 1970s .
Cambridge were being coached by Lou Barry for the fifth consecutive year , along with James Crowden ( who had rowed for the Light Blues in the 1951 and 1952 races ) , David Jennens ( who had represented the Cantabrigians three times between 1949 and the 1951 race , Donald Legget ( who rowed in the 1963 and 1964 races , Mike Sweeney ( who rowed in the 1965 and 1966 races ) and Robin Winckless ( who rowed in the 1967 , 1968 and 1969 races ) .
It is initially stuffed with cotton @-@ like mycelia , then later becomes hollow .
The lower region of the stem is brownish in color and has silky " hairs " pressed against the stem ; the upper region is grayish and pruinose ( lightly dusted with powdery white granules ) .
As in " No Strings , " the song emerges from Astaire 's mid @-@ sentence as he dances with the hesitant Rogers on a crowded floor .
On June 4 , a tropical depression developed just off the east coast of Hainan , with a broad circulation and scattered convection .
The case was settled in 2005 with OutKast and LaFace Records agreeing to create educational programs to " enlighten today 's youth about the significant role Rosa Parks played in making America a better place for all races . "
The turnpike was used for transportation of farmers ' goods and stock along with a route for pioneers to use for heading westward .
Yancey writes that , although he continued to cultivate his friendship with White , many other Christians shunned the pastor .
At the groundbreaking for the building on November 8 , 1980 , " explosives that were used to remove the soil showered unsuspecting spectators with dust and pebbles . "
It is not a breed that lives in a pack with other dogs .
It was not until after Thomas Hall 's death in 1870 , when the properties went to auction with the stock on them , that Halls Heelers became freely available .
The AKC Parent Club members began researching their dogs , including exchanging correspondence with McNiven , and discovered that few of them had dogs that could be traced back to dogs registered in Australia .
In February 2008 , the documentary was available exclusively in Family Christian Stores as a CD / DVD combo pack with West 's album Something to Say .
Winds disrupted communications with small settlements , and Stuart was unreachable for many hours .
 The band of the Milky Way goes through Canis Major , with only patchy obscurement by interstellar dust clouds .
 It was the residence of William Samuel Henson , aviation engineer and inventor , who worked with fellow Chard resident John Stringfellow to achieve the first powered flight , in 1848 , in a disused lace factory , with a 10 foot ( 3 m ) steam @-@ driven flying machine .
The façade is mostly tile @-@ hung to the first floor with timber framing below .
The Talyllyn saw summer passenger numbers grow significantly and regularly had to supplement its formal passenger stock with slate wagons fitted with planks as seats .
In addition to clothing , accessories such as a purse are important , and Charles Isherwood of The New York Times notes that when Ms. Ephron views a purse , " In the chaos of its interior she sees a symbol of herself , as in a dark mirror smudged with old lipstick and smelling of spilled perfume . "
After commissioning , West Carnifax sailed from California with a load of wheat flour for the East Coast of the United States and , from there , to Europe .
In April the company started service with the Unionexpressen between Oslo and Stockholm .
In that letter , Henderson satirized creationism by professing his belief that whenever a scientist carbon @-@ dates an object , a supernatural creator that closely resembles spaghetti and meatballs is there " changing the results with His Noodly Appendage " .
When scientific measurements such as radiocarbon dating are taken , the Flying Spaghetti Monster " is there changing the results with His Noodly Appendage " .
Henderson said he planned to use proceeds from the book to build a pirate ship , with which he would spread the Pastafarian religion .
She soon entered a storyline with Jamie Noble in which Noble attempted to impress her with his matches , only to be squashed by his opponents .
Team LayCool began a scripted rivalry with Mickie James in October , making a mockery of her weight and vowing to make her leave SmackDown just after her debut for the brand .
By the third period , he still has not played when one of his team 's defencemen is struck with a stick .
 Pad 39A was cleared on 9 November in preparation for loading of the onboard cryogenic tanks with the cryogenic oxygen and hydrogen reactants that provided electricity through the three onboard fuel cells , and water for the flight as a by @-@ product .
 The men sat high up prisoned in their iron drum , that then resounded with the lashings of the sprays ...
 Before the first season 's finale , Scott Thill of Wired hailed The Legend of Korra as " the smartest cartoon on TV , " able to address adults ' spiritual and sociopolitical concerns while presenting an " alternately riveting and hilarious ride packed with fantasy naturalism , steampunk grandeur , kinetic conflicts , sci @-@ fi weaponry and self @-@ aware comedy . "
I think people stuck me with something . "
 Liverpool got the first half of extra time under way , but the start was slow as players suffered with cramp , Carragher in particular .
Players continued to struggle with cramp as Gerrard , Mohamed Sissoko , Finnan and Harewood all went down in quick succession .
To his superior officer , Major General Ulysses S. Grant , Sherman reported that he had " given public notice that a repetition [ of guerrilla attacks ] will justify any measures of retaliation , such as loading the boats with guerrilla prisoners where they would receive fire " .
With the Pirates he hit .277 and stole 18 bases in 84 games before being traded to the Chicago Cubs , where he was reunited with manager Dusty Baker .
The Jacobs Field crowd greeted Lofton with a standing ovation during his first at bat for this tour of duty with the Indians .
She has performed the track on several U.S. television shows , including Good Morning America , The Late Late Show with James Corden and The Talk .
On September 21 , the singer sang the track on The Late Late Show with James Corden .
The road was authorized by the state legislature in 1857 , and it was intended to connect the settlements in Muskegon and Newaygo counties , which at the time were " most northerly on the south side of the ' Big Woods ' " , with the growing settlements around the Grand Traverse Bay .
The stock price for Newman drops ( with Tucker secretly buying stock ) .
No less than twelve barges were destroyed on the night of 8 January , one of which was loaded with ammunition and another with around 70 troops .
While efforts were made to bring up a compressor , tanks fired into banks and holes were packed with explosives and detonated .
Most of the island is virtually untouched forest , with many of the plants and animals found nowhere else in the world .
There is also a small but clear link with the plants of Vanuatu .
 The flora of the island is relatively untouched with a large number of rare plants , 44 % being endemic to the island .
This is a lowland palm with drooping leaflets and seed branches in ' hands ' of 3 – 5 while the curly palm ( Howea belmoreana ) , which occurs on slightly higher ground , has upwardly directed leaflets and solitary ' hands ' .
As a result , 70 % of the island remains relatively untouched with a variety of plants and animals , many of which are endemic , some of which are rare or threatened .
 Albert returned to the United Kingdom with Ernest in October 1839 to visit the Queen , with the object of settling the marriage .
 Albert was seriously ill with stomach cramps in August 1859 .
The impact of the season was widespread and ruinous with an estimated 3 @,@ 913 deaths and record damage of about $ 159 @.
The brand name Agenda failed , since customers were dissatisfied with the new stock , and NSB chose to discontinue the branding , just calling all former Agenda and Signatur trains regional trains .
However , the visual effects supervisor said that The Expendables 2 was shot as a PG @-@ 13 film , with all bullet wounds being dust @-@ hits .
The Boys , in a panic , piled into their bateaux and rowed with all speed upriver .
It was constructed between 1933 and 1942 , originally with two power plants .
One side , known as the " pumpers " , favored a dam with pumps to elevate water from the river into the Grand Coulee from which canals and pipes could be used to irrigate farmland .
In order to secure these areas from further movement and continue excavation , 3 @-@ inch ( 76 mm ) diameter pipes were inserted into the mass and chilled with cold liquid from a refrigeration plant .
Efforts to build the Third Powerplant were also influenced by competition with the Soviet Union , which had constructed power plants on the Volga River that were larger than Grand Coulee .
The government eventually compensated the Colville Indians in the 1990s with a lump settlement of approximately $ 53 million , plus annual payments of approximately $ 15 million .
The 29th Battalion undertook a difficult two @-@ day 29 @-@ mile ( 47 km ) approach march over cobbled roads with loads of up to 70 – 75 pounds ( 32 – 34 kg ) before arriving at the front on the night of 10 / 11 July .
Wishing to support Shah 's work , Bennett decided in 1965 , after agonising for a long time and discussing the matter with the council and members of his Institute , to give the Coombe Springs property to Shah , who had insisted that any such gift must be made with no strings attached .
Fessaguet retired in 1988 , leaving ownership with Jammet and his wife .
Fessaguet retired in 1988 , leaving ownership with Jammet and his wife .
It had been sailing from Puerto Rico with a full load of iron ore and , as it approached the hurricane , the vessel changed directions and slowed down .
He then returned to Hartekamp , bringing with him many specimens of rare plants .
The next year , he published Genera Plantarum , in which he described 935 genera of plants , and shortly thereafter he supplemented it with Corollarium Generum Plantarum , with another sixty ( sexaginta ) genera .
Linnaeus was overjoyed when Kalm returned , bringing back with him many pressed flowers and seeds .
Solander was not the only apostle to journey with James Cook ; Anders Sparrman followed on the Resolution in 1772 – 75 bound for , among other places , Oceania and South America .
One , Cryptogamia , included all the plants with concealed reproductive parts ( algae , fungi , mosses and liverworts and ferns ) .
The city is stricken with a plague spread by rats , which is killing the poor and isolating the rich .
There is disagreement in interviews with Bushnell and Dabney as to how much work Dabney did on the final cabinet , with Dabney claiming credit for the controls , sound , power supply , initial wooden cabinet , and invention of the hyperspace color inversion , while Bushnell claims credit for everything but the sound , cabinet , power supply , and monitor .
The passage of the hurricane broke a levee in Delacroix ; it was quickly repaired with flooding from the levee being pumped to the gulf .
 Stock was previously in a relationship with fellow wrestler Manuel Andrade .
The promotion soon folded , but Stock signed with MainStream Wrestling ( MSW ) in Halifax , Nova Scotia , where she debuted in August 2002 and continued to wrestle as Sweet Sarah .
Although Stock began appearing with AAA under the assumption that she would be wrestling , the company had her start out by holding up signs for the crowd at events .
 Upon returning to Mexico , Stock signed with Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) , AAA 's rival promotion .
Afterwards , Stock entered a feud with La Amapola , which concluded on April 14 , 2006 , when Stock put her hair on the line against Amapola 's mask .
 In September 2006 , Stock toured the Canadian Maritimes with MainStream Wrestling , where she once again wrestled Kyle Kruze , the MSW Atlantic Canadian Champion , and beat him in all three of their matches .
Stock and Neidhart split the series , with Stock winning two matches and Neidhart winning three .
After seven months of inactivity , it was reported on January 9 , 2013 , that Stock had parted ways with TNA .
In September 2015 , it was reported that Stock had signed with WWE as a developmental trainer , which was confirmed by Stock the following month .
The group was about 900 feet ( 274 m ) east of the fort when the only man with a loaded gun , Welch , was ambushed by Black Hawk 's warriors .
Philpott became the first batsman in Australian first @-@ class cricket history to reach double @-@ figures , and jointly scored the highest runs with James Brodie .
Stingo was described by writer and historian C. L. R. James : " They were plebeians : the butcher , the tailor , the candlestick maker , the casual labourer , with a sprinkling of unemployed .
It is built of red brick with a slate roof and contains pumping machinery , installed in 1907 by Fullerton , Hodgart and Barclay of Paisley , which powers the dock 's hydraulic system of cranes , bridges and locks .
Occasionally coastal trading vessels enter the Cumberland Basin to be loaded with large steel silos manufactured by Braby Ltd at their nearby Ashton Gate works .
A public art program , started in 1987 , showcases over 50 chainsaw carvings spread throughout town with a downtown monument that declares Chetwynd the " Chainsaw Sculpture Capitol of the World " .
Between 1969 and 1970 , Smith released two collaborative albums with American country artist Nat Stuckey called Young Love and Sunday Morning with Nat Stuckey and Connie Smith , the latter of which was a gospel album .
November 2 , 1915 , was " Ina Coolbrith Day " : her poems were recited , a lecture on her life was given by George Wharton James , and her poetry was set to music and performed on piano and voice , with compositions by James , Humphrey John Stewart , and Amy Beach .
They were used as " giant blunderbusses " to spray torpedo boats with grapeshot if they got past the other guns .
Internal bracing wires were not used in the wings as it was built up from plywood ribs with large lightening holes and stringers .
The area is dominated by big sagebrush and rabbitbrush along with hardy grasses like Idaho fescue , bluebunch wheatgrass , and bunchgrass .
 The Doctor chases after Martha 's kidnappers and arrives at the Motorway , a completely enclosed highway filled with thousands of hover vans stuck in gridlock .
Nixon biographer Conrad Black suggests that Nixon 's strategy in keeping the focus on communism was to " distract [ Douglas ] from her strengths — a sincere and attractive woman fighting bravely for principles most Americans would agree with if they were packaged correctly — to scrapping ... on matters where she could not win . "
The changing professional situations coincide with relationship transitions that occurred in America as the hippie generation transformed into the yuppie generation .
When showering Marge with stuffed animals , Bunyan accidentally drops a guard next to her .
The rail industry 's dependence on coal and the Canadian Pacific Railway 's efforts to settle southern Alberta with immigrants boosted Lethbridge 's economy .
Until 1846 with the settlement of the Oregon boundary dispute , the region was not under the jurisdiction of any foreign power .
On the basis of a lucrative contract to print the Hansard reports of debates in the Westminster parliament , at the beginning of 1889 he founded the Hansard Publishing Union Limited , floated on the London Stock Exchange with a capital of £ 500 @,@ 000 .
She displaced 18 @,@ 873 t ( 18 @,@ 575 long tons ) with a standard load , and 20 @,@ 535 t ( 20 @,@ 210 long tons ) fully laden .
His King and Queen ( 1952 – 1953 ) were decapitated in Dumfries in 1995 and daubed with blue paint in Leeds .
The crystal has a double @-@ hexagonal close packing structure with the layer sequence ABAC and so is isotypic ( having a similar structure ) with α @-@ lanthanum and α @-@ forms of actinides beyond curium .
 Upon heating , α @-@ berkelium transforms into another phase with an fcc lattice ( but slightly different from β @-@ berkelium ) , space group Fm3m and the lattice constant of 500 pm ; this fcc structure is equivalent to the closest packing with the sequence ABC .
Most of the sequences with the alien had to be shot multiple times due to the skin @-@ molting effects on the creature and problems with the nuclear power plant set .
Cowen concluded that the album " is a substandard , second @-@ tier album with some strings thrown in for good measure .
Elicsu also complimented the band , writing : " Like the Goo Goo Dolls ... Yellowcard have rightfully recognized the transcendent value of a big , fist @-@ pumping anthem coated with a light dose of romantic schmaltz . "
@ 11 mi ) circuit , composed primarily of dust roads sealed with tar , which would be lapped six times on both days by each competitor , a combined race distance of 1 @,@ 238 @.
It turned to a general westward motion , with its convection wrapping into the center and developing into a central dense overcast .
For example , when a thin polymer coating ( usually a polyimide ) is spread on a glass substrate and rubbed in a single direction with a cloth , it is observed that liquid crystal molecules in contact with that surface align with the rubbing direction .
The warrior 's right arm is smeared with blood and bound by a white sling .
CVG positively reviewed the control scheme , but disagreed on its difficulty , noting " the controls have been implemented so brilliantly that you 're able to play perfectly well with just one hand on the stick and Z button . "
Possibly affected by his heavy workload with bat and ball in previous seasons , his batting disappointed critics .
It has been suggested that the " spirit hands " in the séances of Home were made of gloves stuffed with a substance .
Alice was buried on 18 December 1878 at the Grand Ducal mausoleum at Rosenhöhe outside Darmstadt , with the Union Flag draped over her coffin .
Entering the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West , the Canucks eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks , Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks en route to the Stanley Cup Finals .
I was about 21 at the time and it was an excuse for me to take her somewhere because I wanted to hang out with her , " said DeLonge .
Benjamin Svetkey at Entertainment Weekly gave the album a B + , referring to Lords as " Moby with estrogen injections " .
During the first session , two songs were recorded : " Stuck In A Closet With Vanna White " , and " Melanie " .
 One of the first original songs recorded for the album was " Stuck in a Closet With Vanna White " , describing a bizarre recurring dream about Vanna White .
 Unlike previous albums , which were praised for their parodies but criticized for their originals , Chadbourne wrote that " Yankovic even manages to shatter all previous barriers and comes up with some funny original material as well , " citing " Good Old Days " and " Stuck in a Closet With Vanna White " as some of his best originals .
These new jet aircraft would never see widespread combat with JG 1 due to their late introduction and a shortage of pilots , aircraft and fuel .
Josephus notes that Gaza was resettled under the rule of Herod Antipas , who cultivated friendly relations with Gazans , Ascalonites and neighboring Arabs after being appointed governor of Idumea by Jannaeus .
According to a report by OXFAM in 2009 , Gaza suffered from a serious shortage of housing , educational facilities , health facilities and infrastructure , along with an inadequate sewage system that contributed to hygiene and public health problems .
 Seafood is a key aspect of Gaza life and a local staple , Some well @-@ known seafood dishes include zibdiyit gambari , literally , " shrimps in a clay pot " , and shatta which are crabs stuffed with red hot chili pepper dip , then baked in the oven .
Fish is either fried or grilled after being stuffed with cilantro , garlic , chillies and cumin , and marinated with various spices .
The dish is topped with crushed dill seeds , chillies and fried garlic and served in bowls .
A year after the tragic incident , the families of the deceased settled with Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated after filing a $ 100 million wrongful death lawsuit .
The other lawsuit and several threatened suits in subsequent years were settled with payments and confidentiality agreements , negatively impacting member morale and bleeding the organization financially .
The north section from Tarbela to Multan was lightly guarded with posts spread further apart as the wide Indus River was judged to provide a sufficient barrier to smuggling .
Hull House was one of the four original members to be listed on both the Chicago Registered Historic Places and the National Register of Historic Places list ( along with Chicago Pile @-@ 1 , Robie House & Lorado Taft Midway Studios ) .
Ellen Gates Starr described one Italian evening as having the room packed full with people .
These experiences translated to success at the federal level , working with the settlement house network to champion national child labor laws , women ’ s suffrage , a children ’ s bureau , unemployment compensation , workers ' compensation , and other elements of the Progressive agenda during the first two decades of the twentieth century .
At 10 : 00 a.m. , the Germans counterattacked and the British retreated , due to many of their weapons being jammed with mud .
Hill 268 was covered with thick brush 4 feet ( 1 @.
Raitt plays a plant supervisor at a nightwear factory who is in constant disputes with the plant 's union organizer ( Day ) , until they end up falling in love .
Cardus described him as " a sturdy cricketer , not tall , but his sloping bottle @-@ neck shoulders seemed to add inches to him and he had long arms of impressive thickness , veined with strength at the wrist ; also he was broad in the beam , with a rubicund smile on his cheerful open countenance . "
 " Numerous architectural features found among the settlements of Supe , including subterranean circular courts , stepped pyramids and sequential platforms , as well as material remains and their cultural implications , excavated at Aspero and the valley sites we are digging ( Caral , Chupacigarro , Lurihuasi , Miraya ) , are shared with other settlements of the area that participated in what is known as the Kotosh Religious Tradition .
Small @-@ scale terracing is noted , along with more sophisticated platform mound masonry .
The following day Adams held a meeting with six of the hunger strikers to outline a proposed settlement on offer from the British government should the strike be brought to an end .
The two touchdowns by McCoy gave him 12 touchdown passes for the season , tied for third with Longhorn passer James Brown in the list of most touchdowns by a Texas freshman .
 In Washington , Savimbi forged close relationships with influential conservatives , including Michael Johns ( the Heritage Foundation 's foreign policy analyst and a key Savimbi advocate ) , Grover Norquist ( President of Americans for Tax Reform and a Savimbi economic advisor ) , and others , who played critical roles in elevating escalated U.S. covert aid to Savimbi 's UNITA and visited with Savimbi in his Jamba , Angola headquarters to provide the Angolan rebel leader with military , political and other guidance in his war against the MPLA government .
 A motte was an earthen mound with a flat top .
A solution to this was to pull down the top of a tower and to fill the lower part with the rubble to provide a surface for the guns to fire from .
Fishing is permitted in the lake , which is stocked with large mouth bass , crappie , bream , and catfish .
Asami injects him with a paralytic agent that leaves his nerves alert , and tortures him with needles .
The owners and reasons for burial of the hoard are unknown , but it was carefully packed and the contents appear consistent with what a single very wealthy family might have owned .
Within the chest , some objects had evidently been placed in smaller boxes made of yew and cherry wood , while others had been packed in with woollen cloth or hay .
Edwina brushed the Mascarene Islands with gusty winds and light rainfall .
As a villain , she managed the OVW Southern Tag Team Champions Blonde Bombers ( Tank and Chad Toland ) alongside her bodyguard Melissa Coates and went on a spree of blinding people with rubbing alcohol in storyline .
The following night , Hall won her Raw debut where she teamed with Melina to defeat Mickie James and Candice Michelle in a tag team match .
In mid @-@ 2008 , Hall began a scripted rivalry with Mickie James and Kelly Kelly , teaming up with multiple partners , including Layla and Katie Lea Burchill to face them in tag team matches .
Hall then took a brief hiatus and made her return on August 3 , teaming with Phoenix to defeat Mickie James and Gail Kim .
They performed with musicians from the Vitamin String Quartet and invited a gospel choir to join the group for a rendition of U2 's song " Where the Streets Have No Name " .
 In June 2008 , the band joined Habitat for Humanity to work on a home being repaired and renovated through the Greater Los Angeles Area 's " A Brush With Kindness " programme .
Of these , the commonest are C. banksii , which has a slender , sweeping trunk , and C. indivisa , a handsome plant with a trunk up to 8 metres ( 26 feet ) tall bearing a massive head of broad leaves up to 2 metres ( 6 @.
 Many plants and animals are associated with C. australis in healthy ecosystems .
 The blue whale has a long tapering body that appears stretched in comparison with the stockier build of other whales .
Jigje Lhakhang houses the image of Bhairava with his consort and Shridevi and other protector deities .
 On the second floor , there were three chapels : the Zhelre Lhakhang from where Maitreya could be seen embossed with a small Tsongkhapa on its heart ; the Tu @-@ je Chenpo Lhakhang that had an Avalokiteshvara with eleven faces ( found at Pawangka ) , Tara and six – armed Mahakala .
 The college had five chapels with plethora of statues and frescoes , which from west to east were : Tawok Lhkhang with images of Tawok , protection deity of the east , the Je Rinpoche Lhakhang with images of Tsongkhapa and Shakyamuni , the Neten Lhakhang with images of Buddha of Three Times in the company of ' Sixteen Elders ' depicted in their mountain caves , volumes of the sacred Prajnaparamita text ; the Jowokhang with large Buddha image ( replaced an earlier image of Miwang Jowo Shakyamuni ) along with Eight Bodhisattvas , and gatekeepers Hayagriva and Acala ; and the Tsongkhapa Lhakhang , the last chapel on the right , with several images – Je Rinpoche , Atisha , Dromtonpa , Dalai Lamas I @-@ III , Dalai Lama V , Jamchen Shakya Yeshe , Gyeltsen Zangpo ( first teacher of Sera ) , Kunkhen Jangchub Penpa ( founder of Sera Me ) and many more .
 The second floor of the college had the Nyima Lhakhang where image of Shakhyamuni Buddha was deified along with Tuwang Tsultrim , and the Khangyur Lhakhang with 1000 images of Tara which replaced the sacred texts that were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution .
 The Chapels which were circumambulated sequentially are : the Dusum Sangye Lhakhang which housed statues of “ Buddhas of Three Times ” and Eight Bodhistavas ; the Tamdrin Lhakhang housed the main image of Hayagriva ; the Jhampa Lhakhang contained images of Maitreya , Eleven @-@ faced Mahakarunika , and Tsongkhapa with his disciples amidst a coveted library ; the Tsongkhapa Lhakhang with images of Tsongkhapa with his best students , main Lamas of Sera Je , Nagarjuna and other Buddhist commentators of India , gate keepers Havagriva and Acala ; the Jampeyang Lhakhang to the north @-@ east had two images of Manjushri , one in a Dharmacakramudra ( teaching pose ) looking towards the Debating Courtyard .
The two chapels housed many statues ; in the Neten Lhakhang chapel of Shakyamuni Buddha along with images of 16 elders in double series ( Upper series made in Tibetan style and the lower series in Chinese lacquer given by the Chinese Emperor ) ; and the Jigje Lakhang chapel housed the 15th century image of Bhairava along with those of Mahakala , Dharmaraja , Shridevi and many others .
However , the main assembly hall here had minor images of Tsongkhapa , Choyi Gyeltsen , Shakhyamuni Buddha , Three Deities of Longevity , and two inner chapels – the Jampakhang with ‘ speaking ’ image of Tara ( protector of the springs in Sera ) and Lama Tubten Kunga ( who renovated Sera Me ) and Gonkhang chapel with the image of the protector deity Gyelchen Karma Trinle .
When he accidentally detonated one of these concoctions during preparation his leg was sprayed with shrapnel .
The crowd and a government official equipped with a loudspeaker exchanged taunts and accusations .
One of the oldest and most iconic musical instruments in Madagascar , it is believed to have arrived on the island with the earliest settlers from Borneo around 2 @,@ 000 years ago and remains widespread throughout the central highlands .
In such places , it associates with other seed @-@ eating birds , such as the house sparrow , the cape weaver , and Euplectes weavers .
Nests are built mainly of dry grass and twigs , with a soft lining of plant down .
Later in the night , Chavo Guerrero ( Salvador Guerrero IV ) brought the Big Show out to the ring , followed by Eddie Guerrero bringing a sewage truck into the arena and spraying the Big Show with raw sewage .
Lewis also played string instruments with Aroussiak Baltaian , Daniel Seidenberg , Garik Terzian , Ilana Setapen , Joel Pargman and Maia Jasper .
The island has produced several distinct traditions in tomb architecture : among the Mahafaly of the southwest coast , the top of tombs may be stacked with the skulls of sacrificed zebu and spiked with aloalo , decoratively carved tomb posts , while among the Merina , aristocrats historically constructed a small wooden house on top of the tomb to symbolize their andriana status and provide an earthly space to house their ancestors ' spirits .
Their floor is covered in a woven mat with stones heaped in one corner where wood fires can be burnt to cook food ; the smoke that accumulates blackens the ceiling and interior walls over time .
The doorways of these homes were traditionally left open or could be shut by a woven screen held closed with a leather strap ; today the entryway is frequently hung with a fabric curtain .
The floor is typically packed dirt and may be covered with woven mats of grasses or raffia .
Among the Bara people of the southern arid plains , for instance , tombs may be built into natural features such as rock outcroppings or hillsides by placing the bodies within and partially or entirely sealing the space with stacked stones or zebu skulls .
Where tombs were built , minor variation in form and placement from one ethnic group to the next is overshadowed by common features : the structure is partially or fully subterranean , typically rectangular in design and made of stone that is either stacked loosely or cemented with masonry .
The roof of the tomb may be stacked with the horns of zebu sacrificed in the ancestor 's honor at their funeral , and numerous aloalo — wooden funerary posts carved with symbolic patterns or images representing events in the life of the deceased — may be planted on top .
He also said that David Jaffe " [ had ] been around the studio a few times " and they " [ had ] gone over some high @-@ level stuff with him to get his observations and feedback . "
A God of War III media kit with special packaging and content was distributed to journalists in the PAL regions , and several were given as prizes on PlayStation Europe 's website during the week of March 22 , 2010 .
The resultant new growth takes around two years to flower again , with older plants with larger lignotubers able to put on new growth more quickly .
Garden plants can be variable , with either upright or spreading habits ; and some maintaining a naturally compact habit without pruning .
Whereas Yamauchi made decisions based on intuition and experience , Iwata brought forth hypotheses loaded with data to convey his position .
Arnold recorded the strings with a 60 @-@ piece orchestra in one day at London 's Metropolis Studios .
Although its high orbital inclination is unusual among the known SDOs , theoretical models suggest that objects that were originally near the inner edge of the Kuiper belt were scattered into orbits with higher inclinations than objects from the outer belt .
Maria wears a relatively modest wedding band lined with rubies and sapphire .
It contains three open flowers ; one white with a ruby jewel , another red with a sapphire , and one gray @-@ blue with a pearl .
Immediately he fell ill , with piles and a fever , and withdrew to his bed .
Walls were often built of stone , and could have gaps filled with turf , or plastered with clay .
In contrast , many Lowland cottages had distinct rooms and chambers , were clad with plaster or paint and even had glazed windows .
There were continuities with pre @-@ Reformation materials , with some churches using rubble for walls , as at Kemback in Fife ( 1582 ) .
Architectural historian Howard Colvin has speculated that he was associated with James Smith and may even have been his pupil .
He spent most of his career in Italy and England and developed a rivalry with fellow Scot James Gibbs , who trained in Rome and also practised mainly in England .
In addition , the Turkish struggle to oust French forces from Anatolia was popularly supported by Syria 's inhabitants , and in northern Syria in particular , there were widespread feelings of religious solidarity with the Turks .
 Dressed in a striking costume , his hair dyed reddish @-@ brown , Bowie launched his Ziggy Stardust stage show with the Spiders from Mars — Ronson , Bolder and Woodmansey — at the Toby Jug pub in Tolworth on 10 February 1972 .
Chris Martin explained to Stern that he was impersonating Neil Young while entertaining guests when he came across the first chord of the song , which stuck with him for a bit then in a Neil Young voice he sang " look at the stars " .
 While in the village , Leon is captured by its chief , Bitores Mendez , and injected with a mind @-@ controlling parasite known as Las Plagas .
In 2015 , Morissette appeared on The Late Late Show with James Corden and sang a version of the song with new lyrics " updated " for the technology era , and an homage to the linguistics of the original mentioned above .
In 2003 , she played Marlee in the adaptation of John Grisham 's legal thriller novel The Runaway Jury , along with Dustin Hoffman , John Cusack and Gene Hackman ; and starred in the film adaptation of the romantic comedy @-@ drama play The Shape of Things .
To allow the rest of the team to escape , Jack sprays Lisa with a special " barbecue sauce " that summons the pet pterodactyl ; as it attacks her , the team escapes by the invisible lift .
Young Clark Kent 's long @-@ distance football punt was executed with a wooden football loaded into an air blaster placed in the ground .
This rescue effort was carried out in close proximity to the enemy force and in constant danger from the detonation of burning Spanish ships , which showered his overcrowded boats with debris and caused several casualties amongst his crews .
 The Thunder finished the regular season as the third seed in the Western Conference with a 55 – 27 record .
 She then begins an affair with rodeo cowboy Dusty Farlow , and enters into psychiatric treatment .
Sue Ellen divorces J.R. and gains custody of John Ross , but her relationship with Dusty ends when he regains the use of his legs and decides to resume his life 's passion as a rodeo cowboy .
In the first , Del Rey is shown clinging to a younger , long @-@ haired blond , leather @-@ clad man on a beach , where she narcotically flits around the Pacific Ocean shorefront , and splashes in its waves with him .
When Walter Skinner ( Mitch Pileggi ) intervenes , Modell convinces Holly that he was a man who mugged her , causing her to spray Skinner with mace and beat him .
IGN named it the third best standalone episode of The X @-@ Files , writing " [ t ] hough the episode is loaded with memorable scenes of terror [ ... ] it 's the emotional bond between our two leads that really resonates . "
Queen Mary had these stones made into a brooch with the Cullinan III hanging from IV .
 The rare finger pillory at the west end immobilised offenders without exposing them to the public degradation associated with the stocks .
 The Turin vegetable marrows are small and short — perhaps 2 inches long ; they are stuffed with forcemeat , and served in a thick sauce .
Below , the head is yellowish white with scattered dark blotches .
The belly is yellow or white , with a few scattered dark spots .
After the performance of " God Defend New Zealand " ; SARFU President Louis Luyt broke the agreement with the ANC and played an instrumental version of " Die Stem van Suid @-@ Afrika " over the PA system with the crowd and several South African players joining in .
The Phillies won the series ' first game 6 – 5 , with Burnett settling in after disagreements over the strike zone with home @-@ plate umpire Will Little early in the game ; Marlins manager Mike Redmond was later ejected from the game for arguing balls and strikes .
In the tenth , Chase Utley was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded ( scoring one run ) and Howard added a sacrifice fly to give the Phillies a 5 – 3 victory and Papelbon a save .
 In the 1950s , Stafford had a string of popular hits with Frankie Laine , six of which charted .
The plaster was underlaid with thick carbon black before the paint was applied in hues of white lead , Prussian blue , vermilion of mercury , and crystals of powdered glass , orpiment and iron oxides .
It was designed in an industrial Beaux @-@ Arts style , with large arched windows and stringcourse intended to prevent it from becoming an eyesore given its proximity to affluent communities .
 In 1972 , the Town of Oyster Bay board unanimously denied LILCO a permit to further expand the plant with five 50 MW gas turbines , citing air @-@ quality concerns and the effects of the 1970s energy crisis .
Just before the option expired , LIPA decided to purchase two plants in Far Rockaway and Oceanside with the intention of modernizing them , while there was no provision for immediate modernization of the remaining major plants in Glenwood Landing , Port Jefferson , and the Northport Power Station .
Major A roads link Milnrow with other settlements , including the A640 road , which forms a route from Rochdale and over the Pennines into Huddersfield and West Yorkshire .
At the same time , they also called for Hun Sen to step down and the NEC , which they claimed that it was stacked with pro @-@ CPP appointees .
The Wall Street Journal 's James P. Sterba also considered it an " antifascist allegory " and sarcastically notes that " you 'll find it in the children 's section at the library , a perfect place for this 293 @-@ page volume , packed as it is with blood @-@ and @-@ guts action , sexual conquest and betrayal " and " a forest full of cutthroats and miscreants .
Guest had difficulty learning German , and spent time hiding behind a pile of mattresses with a book and playing with Legos .
King left the meeting in protest against this new demand , but he was determined to settle with Manitoba and Alberta in order to isolate Saskatchewan Premier James Thomas Milton Anderson and his more extravagant demands .
Brownlee also sought assistance from Bennett in dealing with banks ' increasing reluctance to loan money to farmers , many of whom would not be able to purchase seed for the 1931 crop without loans .
The mock turtle soup has an Alice in Wonderland theme , where a fob watch formed of freeze @-@ dried beef stock covered with gold leaf is dropped into a tea cup and has a beef stock " tea " poured over it that dissolves the gold and the watch .
The cause of the illness was later given by the Health Protection Agency as norovirus , which was thought to originate from oysters which had been harvested from beds contaminated with sewage .
 The Colorado Avalanche logo is composed by a burgundy letter A with snow wrapped around , similar to an avalanche , in the shape of the letter C. There is a hockey puck in the lower – right end of the snow and a blue oval on the background .
 Early on , the Waldorf was a laughing stock with its large number of bathrooms and was known briefly as " Boldt 's Folly " after Boldt , or " Astor 's Folly " , with the general perception of the palatial hotel being that it had no place in New York City .
It was modelled after the grand salon in King Ludwig 's palace at Munich , with satin hangings , upholstery and marble pillars , all of pale green , and Crowninshield 's frescoes .
It was furnished with rattan chairs and lounges in pale @-@ green and pink , hung across with gauzy fabric .
 As tournament seedings are based on rankings , with the top two seeds placed on opposite sides of the draw , 21 of Nadal and Federer 's 34 matches have been in tournament finals , including an all @-@ time record eight Grand Slam finals and 10 Masters Series finals .
By the time Jacob is being strapped to a bed and wheeled down a hospital corridor strewn with bloody limbs , it 's hard to care whether the Orwellian image is a hallucination or not .
The series wraps with the story of William Shakespeare creating his other commission for Dream , The Tempest , his last work not in collaboration with other writers .
1 with Volume 2 collecting issues # 38 @-@ 75 with stories from Vertigo Jam No.
The site has been visited by humans since the Bronze Age with several burial mounds in the form of cairns and bowl barrows .
The Spanish Crown issued the Royal Decree of Graces ( Real Cédula de Gracias ) which was originated August 10 , 1815 , with the intention of attracting European settlers who were not of Spanish origin to the islands .
He returned to Iowa in mid @-@ August , with a packed schedule that included fundraisers and a news conference for the " Wake Up Wal @-@ Mart " organization .
Both types of shells were loaded with two propellant charges : an RP C / 12 main charge in a brass cartridge that weighed 91 kg ( 201 lb ) and an RP C / 12 fore charge in a silk bag that weighed 34 @.
@ 8 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
@ 05 lb ) and were loaded with a 3 kg ( 6 @.
The Turk then praises Gawain and showers him with gifts .
In Dickerson 's room , a hidden cache of souvenirs is found , along with a journal and a stack of letters marked " return to sender " .
It ranges extensively in the Indo @-@ Pacific , with scattered records from South Africa , the Red Sea and the Arabian Sea ( off Somalia , between Oman and India , and off Pakistan ) , to China , southeastern Japan , northwestern Australia , New Caledonia , and Tahiti , to the Hawaiian Islands , the Gulf of California , and the Galapagos Islands .
In the presence of healthy tissues , a well integrated implant with appropriate biomechanical loads can have 5 @-@ year plus survival rates from 93 to 98 percent.
 For individual tooth replacement , an implant abutment is first secured to the implant with an abutment screw .
The dental prosthesis can be disconnected from the implant abutments with finger pressure by the wearer .
Regulators and the dental implant industry have created a series of tests to determine the long @-@ term mechanical reliability of implants in a person 's mouth where the implant is struck repeatedly with increasing forces ( similar in magnitude to biting ) until it fails .
It is then screwed into place with a torque controlled wrench at a precise torque so as not to overload the surrounding bone ( overloaded bone can die , a condition called osteonecrosis , which may lead to failure of the implant to fully integrate or bond with the jawbone ) .
In contrast , an implant can be " buried " , where the top of the implant is sealed with a cover screw and the tissue is closed to completely cover it .
 Other , more invasive procedures , also exist for larger bone defects including mobilization of the inferior alveolar nerve to allow placement of a fixture , onlay bone grafting using the iliac crest or another large source of bone and microvascular bone graft where the blood supply to the bone is transplanted with the source bone and reconnected to the local blood supply .
An impression of the top of the implant is made with the adjacent teeth and gingiva .
Sufficient initial stability may allow immediate loading with prosthetic reconstruction .
 The relevance of primary implant stability decreases gradually with regrowth of bone tissue around the implant in the first weeks after surgery , leading to secondary stability .
There is limited evidence showing that implants with relatively smooth surfaces are less prone to peri @-@ implantitis than implants with rougher surfaces and no evidence showing that any particular type of dental implant has superior long @-@ term success .
 Small diameter implants are implants of low diameter with one piece construction ( implant and abutment ) that are sometimes used for denture retention or orthodontic anchorage .
The plain of Dillingen is crowded with troops ... Everything , milord , consists in speed and that you put yourself forthwith in movement to join me tomorrow , without which I fear it will be too late . "
The village of Oberglauheim was packed with 14 battalions commanded by the Marquis de Blainville ( including the effective Irish Brigade known as the ' Wild Geese ' ) .
The volcanic landscape depicted , with its steep cliffs and crater lakes , is bestrewn with mechanical , Victorian @-@ style artifacts such as elevators , pipes , levers and roller coaster @-@ like transports .
Another sortie by a Spanish force of 800 men surprised several units of Janissaries who were attempting to storm the walls of Castlenuovo , killing most of them and leaving the field strewn with corpses .
It was reported on October 20 that 343 shelters would be opened in Puerto Rico , which were stocked with thousands of cots and sleeping bags .
The decline of Buddhism in South India began in the 8th century with the spread of Adi Shankara 's Advaita philosophy .
Through careful analysis he showed that as a whole , accidents were caused by carelessness of plant workerman rather than problems with the technology , and were therefore avoidable .
Scream " was written , composed and produced by the Jackson siblings , with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis .
It was the first time Michael Jackson had worked with Jam and Lewis , although Janet had worked with them successfully on numerous occasions .
Similarly , Rolling Stone 's Matthew Perpetua wrote , " There 's a great melodramatic kick to this song , which comes across like a quiet storm slow jam spiced up with modern drum programming . '
It was also the funniest episode of the season , in no small part because we got some insight into the lives of two New Directions members we rarely get to hang out with for any length of time : Santana and Lauren . "
His wife Helen is compared with the protagonists of the Henry James novels Washington Square and The Portrait of a Lady .
The final story arc sees the friends return with Chris to their world , where they enter outer space with a newfound plant @-@ like creature named Cosmo and fight an army of creatures called the Metarex .
She fuses with the giant seed and instructs Tails to use the Blue Typhoon 's cannon to fire Super Sonic and Super Shadow at her and the seed and destroy them .
A mycorrhizal species , the bolete has been recorded growing in association with plants from various genera , including Dicymbe , Dipterocarpus , Fagus , Hopea , Quercus , Shorea , and Tsuga .
Ken had been shaking his Bigsby wiggle stick with some fuzztone and tremolo at the end of the tape .
To determine if mites can spread scrapie , the scientists injected mice with extracts from hay mites collected from farms with sheep afflicted with scrapie .
In a 2015 study , led by Adriano Aguzzi , professor of neurobiology at the University of Zurich , found that when they injected mice with a prion disease and then with polythiophenes , the mice survived eighty percent longer than the control mice that were only injected with the prion disease .
As the video ended , " Candy Shop " began with Madonna appearing on a M @-@ shaped throne in the Givenchy @-@ designed dress , sitting with her legs spread apart and holding a staff in her hands .
Since that date U2 with their 360 ° Tour has broken the attendance record at Wembley Stadium with a crowd of 88 @,@ 000 people .
Others , such as potter wasps ( Eumeninae ) and sand wasps ( Ammophila , Sphecidae ) , repeatedly build nests which they stock with a supply of immobilised prey such as one large caterpillar , laying a single egg in or on its body , and then sealing up the entrance ( mass provisioning ) .
Parasitoid wasps are extremely diverse in habits , many laying their eggs in inert stages of their host ( egg or pupa ) , sometimes paralysing their prey by injecting it with venom through their ovipositor .
 One prevailing idea is that carnivory in plants is not a black and white duality , but rather a spectrum from strict non @-@ carnivorous photoautotrophs ( a rose , for example ) to fully carnivorous plants with active trapping mechanisms like those of Dionaea or Aldrovanda .
His last dramatic work for radio , Voices ( 2005 ) , a collaboration with composer James Clarke , adapting selected works by Pinter to music , premièred on BBC Radio 3 on his 75th birthday on 10 October 2005 .
By comparison , brushing with a nonfluoride toothpaste has little effect on cavities .
Amidst the smoke filled environment , the chiseled torso of the male workers are shown , as they strip off their shirts , with water splashing all around .
Madonna appeared onstage and sang the song dressed in a white majorette uniform with ruby @-@ red stripes and knee @-@ high white boots designed by Miu Miu , while her female back @-@ up dancers wore similar costumes in red .
The Peel Group was granted planning permission to develop the site in 2007 , and construction of the development , with its own energy generation plant and communications network , began the same year .
Traditionally , because of the frequent typhoons and drought , they plant root crops able to cope with the environment .
Injected with a Metroid vaccine in Metroid Fusion , Samus can absorb X Parasites that restore health , missiles , and bombs .
The game was one of ten Game Boy Advance games that can only be downloaded with 3DSs bought before a price @-@ cut on August 11 , 2011 .
A vigorous rubbing action to apply the polish evenly on the boot , followed by further buffing with a clean dry cloth or brush , usually provides good results .
Another technique , known as spit @-@ polishing or bull polishing , involves gently rubbing polish into the leather with a cloth and a drop of water or spit .
 As a result of a relatively mild temperate climate with ample precipitation , the areas around Image Lake boast rich natural habitats with many species of plants , insects , rodents , and large mammals .
Having been Southport 's top scorer with 14 goals in 2014 – 15 , Brodie joined Aldershot Town but finished 2015 – 16 with Stockport County .
He struggled academically , had to help take care of his seven younger siblings , and ended up “ running with the wrong crowd ” .
Monroe is interred with his wife Margaret at Indian Mound Cemetery in Romney .
 Based on morphological features , the Alexandrine parakeet ( Psittacula eupatria ) has been proposed as the founder population for all Psittacula species on Indian Ocean islands , with new populations settling during the species 's southwards colonisation from its native South Asia .
After putting Kobold in the custody of another guard named Custer , Doggett and Reyes race to Sampson 's home and find her dead , with a dozen hypodermic needles jammed into her face .
 Corder was easily discovered ; Mr Ayres , the constable in Polstead , was able to obtain his old address from a friend , and with the assistance of James Lea , an officer of the London police force who would later lead the investigation into " Spring @-@ heeled Jack " , he tracked Corder to a ladies ' boarding house , Everley Grove House , in Brentford .
Thomas Marten then told the court how he had dug up his daughter , and George Marten , Maria 's 10 @-@ year @-@ old brother , revealed that he had seen Corder with a loaded pistol before the alleged murder and later had seen him walking from the barn with a pickaxe .
Questions about the money were first sparked by photos posted on Robert Bailey 's former MySpace account , which show him with quantities of hundred dollar bills stuffed in his mouth .
He indicated that the attack on Barker was not just a schoolyard fight " but rather an unprovoked , unforeseen assault on a young man who had nothing to do with the hanging of the nooses . "
 Food waste in the United Kingdom is a subject of environmental , economic and social concern that has received widespread media coverage and been met with varying responses from government .
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
With the top seed in the Western Conference , the Canucks eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks , Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks en route to the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals , where they lost in seven games to the Boston Bruins .
Nellie overcomes her feelings and returns to spend her life with her plantation owner .
The first night audience was packed with important Broadway , business , and arts leaders .
Black Francis renamed himself Frank Black , and he released several solo albums , including a string of releases with Frank Black and the Catholics .
They 're figuring out how to jam with the samples and to create these layers of sound " , Chang said . "
 Moments later , Sully arrives on a small speedboat loaded with riches from the pirates .
Trioled has two contrasting sub @-@ sections , a and b , arranged in the form a @-@ b @-@ a @-@ a @-@ a @-@ b @-@ a @-@ b to match the Welsh poetic measure of the same name , with the strings playing calmly in the " a " sections , and saxophone and keyboard ( gradually joined by the other instruments ) playing in a more lively manner in the " b " sections .
 In 1990 , the novel was adapted into a 90 @-@ minute radio play for BBC Radio 4 with Michael Jayston playing James Bond .
The game was designed around hardware that was more powerful than any yet available , like Final Fantasy Agito , but developer were not as aggressive with this boundary @-@ pushing with Coded to help it spread to overseas markets where mobile phones were not very powerful in terms of hardware .
 Demeke entered the airport carrying a starting pistol loaded with blanks .
A local dish , known as Stretford goose , was made from pork stuffed with sage and onions .
Kathy Ainsworth , a 26 @-@ year @-@ old fifth grade school teacher from Jackson who had helped with the bombing of Jackson 's synagogue a few months earlier , was found dead in the car with a loaded pistol in her purse .
Other examples include the grave of David L. Rosenbaum , topped with marble shoes and stockings , the grave of Julius Elson , marked by a carved marble fainting couch , and a memorial to Mattimore Meyer , featuring a marble angel .
Jewish cemeteries in Europe are generally not planted with trees because of the possibility that roots could disturb the bodies .
 Comstock threatened Ortiz with legal action , and the manager – unaware that Comstock could not arrest him , and fearful that he could cause trouble for the gallery – was initially frightened .
There it hung with works by artists such as Claude Monet and Paul Cézanne .
In that year , Edgar of Scotland signed a treaty with Magnus which settled much of the boundary between the Scots and Norwegian claims in these islands .
The route passes east of Swepsonville where it also passes by a country club along with a large manufacturing plant .
He was pumped with saline solution to prevent blood clotting but his arm was too badly damaged and it was amputated below the elbow .
An attack on Rostock resulted in retaliation with raids on Bath , Exeter , Canterbury , Norwich and York .
I loved it because it was a most peculiar sound that contrasted wildly with a plucked string , this round trombone @-@ like noise coming from nowhere .
Vasilko and Vladimir Rostislavich , two Galcia @-@ based princes unhappy with territorial settlement under Vsevolod , were said to have attempted to expel Yaropolk in 1084 , but Grand Prince Vsevolod 's son Vladimir Monomakh drove these Rostislavchi away .
The road runs a short distance to the west of the Norfolk Southern rail line as it continues through farmland with some scattered residential and commercial development .
 The sleeper carriage setting gave Shearsmith and Pemberton a number of " traumatic " elements to exploit , such as claustrophobia , proximity to strangers , motion , and the various elements associated with settling down to sleep , such as flatulence and getting undressed .
After injecting herself with the same drugs Walternate ( John Noble ) had used on her , she enters the tank and soon finds herself back in her own universe .
It 's not like we had this weekend where we just relaxed with everyone and just hung out . "
Steve Huey , writing for AllMusic , gave high marks to Tucker and Brownstein 's guitar interplay as well as Weiss ' backing vocals , stating that the band " makes full use of that extra instrument , packing the tracks with lilting three @-@ part harmonies . "
Gen. Truman Seymour , began advancing through the East Woods and exchanged fire with Colonel James Walker 's brigade of Alabama , Georgia , and North Carolina troops .
The bridge was dominated by a 100 @-@ foot ( 30 m ) high wooded bluff on the west bank , strewn with boulders from an old quarry , making infantry and sharpshooter fire from good covered positions a dangerous impediment to crossing .
The unused F101 , F102 and F103 assemblies were packed along with spare components and shipped back to Los Alamos .
However , the battalion scattered throughout the area , with a number of paratroopers landing a considerable distance from the designated DZ ; Lieutenant @-@ Colonel Terence Otway , the commander of the battalion , landed with the rest of his stick 400 yards ( 370 m ) away from the drop @-@ zone in a farmhouse being used as a command post by a German battalion , and after a brief fire @-@ fight and helping other scattered paratroopers , only arrived at the drop @-@ zone at 01 : 30 .
 The 8th Parachute Battalion , tasked with destroying two bridges near Bures and a third by Troarn , was dropped at the same time as 9th Parachute Battalion and was also widely scattered with a number of its paratroopers landing in the operational area of 5th Parachute Brigade .
Much like the rest of the units in the division , the battalion was scattered throughout the operational area , with one stick of paratroopers landing ten miles ( 16 km ) away from their drop @-@ zone , and another group landing only a short distance from the invasion beaches .
Each is listed by the city name , in general chronological order with the approximate year of settlement or city charter .
The A @-@ side was a version of the rock standard with the addition of a spoken word piece about fugitive heiress Patty Hearst ( " Patty Hearst , you 're standing there in front of the Symbionese Liberation Army flag with your legs spread , I was wondering were you gettin ' it every night from a black revolutionary man and his women ... " ) .
 The ACT Government signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) with the Hangzhou Municipal People 's Government on 29 October 1998 ; the Agreement was designed to promote business opportunities and cultural exchanges between the two cities .
He finished 2002 – 03 with 23 appearances and two goals , but missed Luton 's final game of the season after picking up a hamstring injury during a 1 – 1 draw with Stockport County on 26 April 2003 .
The forecast called for high winds between 65 km / h ( 40 mph ) and 80 km / h ( 50 mph ) , with only occasional showers .
Kenneth Partridge of AOL commented , " Packed with sex , violence and questionable acting , the new Britney Spears video , ' Criminal , ' has all the trappings of a midnight movie . "
Amanda Dobbins of New York stated that " After viewing the final product , we 're guessing [ the local officials ] probably won 't be down with the shower sex , the regular sex , the domestic abuse , the armed robbery , or any of Britney 's other questionable activities , either . "
He then became involved in a dispute with Rubery , who accused him of " wasting " £ 3m on players and having " an ego to feed " .
They stopped the bus and photographed with the lone plant for about 20 minutes , something The Edge called " fairly spontaneous " .
 Lyrically , " Tonight , Tonight " hangs together with the rest of the Mellon Collie .
The few hardware buttons for changing programs are shared with Live settings . "
From 1866 to 1868 , Ben Tillman went with several workers from the plantation to Florida , where a new cotton @-@ planting belt had been established .
She currently lives in Manhattan with her husband James and their three children .
Kate Warner is also kidnapped by the terrorist cell , along with Governor James Radford who is kidnapped for assassination but is then rescued by the CTU .
She attended a " massive public high school with a crowd of people bunched in a classroom and expected to learn " in Southern California .
McCain 's associations with Duke Tully , who by now had been disgraced for having concocted a fictitious military record , as well as revelations of father @-@ in @-@ law Jim Hensley 's past brushes with the law , became campaign issues .
As the population expanded , some of these settlements were sub @-@ divided to create new hamlets , with temporary sheilings becoming permanent settlements .
Cottages in the Highlands tended to be cruder while those from the Lowlands had distinct rooms and were clad with plaster or paint and even had glazed windows .
Sometimes they were revetted around the edges with vertical piles and sometimes surfaced with logs of oak .
As elsewhere in Europe , hill forts were first introduced in this period , including the occupation of Eildon hill near Melrose in the Scottish Borders , from around 1000 BCE , which accommodated several hundred houses on a fortified hilltop , and Traprain Law in East Lothian , which had a 20 @-@ acre enclosure , sectioned in two places west of the summit , made up of a coursed , stone wall with a rubble core .
In contrast , many Lowland cottages had distinct rooms and chambers , were clad with plaster or paint and even had glazed windows .
Many lived in blackhouses with double thickness walls about 6 feet ( 2 m ) high , made of local stone and packed with rubble and earth and thatched with reeds .
In an interview with The Wrap , Weitz said Lautner deserved a lot of credit for the movie 's box office , stating , " If you look at the movie , it should have been the weakest in the franchise , because Robert Pattinson doesn 't play as big a role . "
Lautner 's abs in particular have been subject to media attention , with The Wrap stating that companies bidding for the actor in movies in 2011 would " shell out for the young actor 's much @-@ on @-@ display though mostly untried abs . "
The functional nature of the kidney impairment in HRS was crystallized by studies demonstrating that kidneys transplanted from patients with hepatorenal syndrome returned to function in the new host , leading to the hypothesis that hepatorenal syndrome was a systemic condition and not a kidney disease .
In an interview with the newspaper Stockholm City on 8 March 2004 , Reinfeldt said that he preferred Bush over the Democratic Party contender John Kerry , and in a poll conducted by the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet in April 2004 , Reinfeldt like a large majority of his party favoured Bush over Kerry .
 With the bullish stock market of the 1990s , equity @-@ heavy investing approaches outperformed risk parity in the near term .
Scattered convection was associated with the system , with the center devoid of showers and thunderstorms , as the low slowly tracked westward in a weak steering environment .
Agricultural losses were severe , with the plantain crop loss estimated at 70 % of annual production due to Georges , accounting for roughly $ 15 million of the total damages .
The close ups of Bathurst were filmed in the studio for the second series , with stock footage of the club 's audience reused .
Racing the Masked Man in search of these Needles , Lucas battles through a laboratory of chimeras , reunites with Kumatora and Duster , and meets Mr. Saturn .
 C. a. pygerythrus , from South Africa ( Western Cape , Eastern Cape , Northern Cape and southern KwaZulu @-@ Natal ) , and Lesotho ; is said to have pale @-@ coloured limbs and white hands and feet ( though the hands are also said to be black with a scattering of greyish hairs ) , and a greyish body colour with an olive sheen .
 One account of the executions states that some of the condemned were still alive when their bodies were burned , and that the executioners borrowed a walking stick from an onlooker with which to push their victims ' moving limbs back into the fire ; its owner refused to take it back after it had been in contact with witches .
Zimmerman is interred with his wife Kitty at Indian Mound Cemetery in Romney , West Virginia .
Stojadinović 's government responded by exposing Ljotić as having been funded by the Germans and provided with financial resources by them to spread Nazi propaganda and promote German economic interests in Serbia .
Marshall has been involved with efforts to spread awareness about the issue .
Fans are also divided on the likelihood of Ewoks ( being an extremely primitive race of small creatures armed with sticks and rocks ) defeating an armed ground force comprising the Empire 's " best troops " .
 On the table are various other pieces of equipment that the natural philosopher would have used during his demonstration : a thermometer , candle snuffer and cork , and close to the man seated to the right is a pair of Magdeburg hemispheres , which would have been used with the air pump to demonstrate the difference in pressure exerted by the air and a vacuum : when the air was pumped out from between the two hemispheres they were impossible to pull apart .
The young lovers may have been based on Thomas Coltman and Mary Barlow , friends of Wright 's , whom he later painted in Mr and Mrs Thomas Coltman ( also in the National Gallery ) after their marriage in 1769 ; Erasmus Darwin has been suggested as the man timing the experiment on the left of the table , and John Warltire , whom Darwin had invited to help with some air pump experiments in real life , as the natural philosopher ; but Wright never identified any of the subjects or suggested they were based on real people .
Shelagh Stephenson 's play An Experiment with an Air Pump , inspired by the painting , was the joint winner of the 1997 Margaret Ramsay Award and had its premiere at the Royal Exchange Theatre , Manchester in 1998 .
She was especially taken with " his beautiful Mediterranean bay , his tables spread with white cloths and bright fruit " and the way that " pitchers and jugs and bottles of wine could be seen far down the street . "
In her later articles , she expressed strongly @-@ held views on a wide range of subjects ; she abominated the word " crispy " , demanding to know what it conveyed that " crisp " did not ; she confessed to an inability to refill anybody 's wineglass until it was empty ; she insisted on the traditional form " Welsh rabbit " rather than the modern invention " Welsh rarebit " ; she poured scorn on the Guide Michelin 's standards ; she deplored " fussy garnish ... distract [ ing ] from the main flavours " ; she inveighed against the ersatz : " anyone depraved enough to invent a dish consisting of a wedge of steam @-@ heated bread spread with tomato paste and a piece of synthetic Cheddar can call it a pizza . "
This book was compiled with the help of Jill Norman , who became her literary executor and edited further David works after the author 's death .
Still , the shoot was somewhat dangerous , with Hooper noting that at the wrap party all cast members had obtained some level of injury .
Several variations on a blue theme were tried ; the one that stuck was the royal blue shirt with a white " V " , adopted during the First World War and retained until the late 1920s .
The 1992 kit , sponsored by Triton Showers , was made of a blue material covered with multicoloured splashes which resembled a shower curtain .
Ned 's first wish is to " Get rid of those awful aliens , " which is accomplished when Moe chases after Kodos with a board with a nail sticking out of it , then brings the aliens back to the flying saucer .
By Ptolemaic times ( 305 – 30 BCE ) , Khoiak also included the planting of seeds in an " Osiris bed " , a mummy @-@ shaped bed of soil , connecting the resurrection of Osiris with the seasonal growth of plants .
Horus and Osiris , being central figures in her story , spread along with her .
 Of his decision to not show the heist itself , Tarantino has said that the reason was initially budgetary but that he had always liked the idea of not showing it and stuck with that idea in order to make the details of the heist ambiguous .
 Stuck in the Middle with You – Nominated
A prominent instance of this is the torture scene to the tune of " Stuck in the Middle with You " .
 " Stuck in the Middle with You " – Stealers Wheel ( 3 : 23 )
Given his reluctance to return for Octopussy , the producers engaged in a semi @-@ public quest for the next Bond , with both Timothy Dalton and James Brolin being suggested .
David Browne of Entertainment Weekly characterised it as a " delicious re @-@ creation of Motown @-@ era bop packed with skipping @-@ down @-@ the @-@ street good vibrations " .
 On the evening of 1 May 1945 , Goebbels arranged for an SS dentist , Helmut Kunz , to inject his six children with morphine so that when they were unconscious , an ampule of cyanide could be then crushed in each of their mouths .
 Upon striking China , Chanchu produced deadly flooding and landslides along its path , with flooding spreading as far northeast as Zhejiang province .
A later flashback , as Jill delivers a package from the box to the hospital , shows that Jill met with Kramer at the plant hours before his death , where he gave her the box 's key and his promise that she would be protected when the games ended .
Mark Burg and Oren Koules again served as producers , with James Wan and Leigh Whannell , creators of the series , executive producing .
Others , such as Jonson , Marlowe , and John Marston , are more fully documented because of their education , close connections with the court , or brushes with the law .
Love Machine consumes King Kazma and redirects the Arawashi Asteroid Probe onto a collision course with a nuclear power plant .
In 1985 , it was reported that the inscription of the tombstone had been whited out with plaster by members of Tan 's own family who wished to obscure any glorification of Chay Wa 's " martyrdom " in the communist cause .
Given a heavy workload with the ball , he took 39 first @-@ class wickets , averaging 24 @.
 In November 2000 , UBS merged with Paine Webber an American stock brokerage and asset management firm led by chairman and CEO , Donald Marron .
Recently wanting to kill Buffy , Spike is captured by the Initiative before he can get to her and implanted with a chip in his brain that causes intense pain if he tries to attack humans to feed on them , or even to fight them .
This required locomotives producing at least 2 @,@ 500 bhp ( 1 @,@ 900 kW ) but with an axle load of no more than 19 long tons ( 19 t ) .
 In the 1990s , further 47 / 4s were converted with long @-@ range fuel tanks and equipment to allow them to work with a type of rolling stock known as propelling control vehicles @-@ PCV , which utilised RCH ( Railway Clearing House ) cables to allow the PCV driver to signal to the driver on the locomotive to apply power and operate the brakes - neither these locomotives or the PCVs were equipped with TDM push @-@ pull equipment .
As the fight approached Zutphen and Francisco Verdugo noticed the musketry fire , he ordered a wagon to be loaded with powder and bullets and sent it to the Spanish arquebusiers .
The system passed south of Cape Verde on September 8 , with disorganized showers and thunderstorms .
Later on September 18 , most of the deep convection dissipated , with the strongest of the remaining shower and thunderstorm activity being located within a band located west and northwest of the center .
A 16 m mound with a stone obelisk and a museum with two additional obelisks were raised during the years 1928 – 1933 ; a military cemetery was also built .
The film originally shared the title of the television series , but it was changed to simply The Last Airbender because producers feared it would be confused with the James Cameron film Avatar .
Some of the migrant workers have been naturalised as a Malaysian citizens , however there are still many who live without proper documentation as illegal immigrants in the town with their own unlawful settlement .
The oldest and largest prawn farm were located on this area together with six frozen shrimp processing plants .
His films are characterised by slapstick combined with pathos , typified in the Tramp 's struggles against adversity .
Shops were stocked with Chaplin merchandise , he was featured in cartoons and comic strips , and several songs were written about him .
He then had sets constructed and worked with his stock company to improvise gags and " business " using them , almost always working the ideas out on film .
It included the three rifle troops and the heavy weapons troop of the 2nd Squadron , 5th Cavalry ; a platoon from Battery B , 99th Field Artillery Battalion with two 75 mm pack howitzers ; the 673rd Anti @-@ Aircraft Machine Gun Battery ( Airborne ) ; and 29 Australians of the Australian New Guinea Administrative Unit ( ANGAU ) , who were to assist in gathering intelligence and dealing with the native population , some 13 @,@ 000 of whom lived in the islands .
 Runway requirement ( with maximum load ) : 3 @,@ 600 m ( 11 @,@ 800 ft )
 The most common quality problems associated with SMAW include weld spatter , porosity , poor fusion , shallow penetration , and cracking .
 The surface of the compound eye of the housefly is densely packed with microscopic projections that have the effect of reducing reflection and hence increasing transmission of incident light .
Gary is showered with love and food while SpongeBob goes to work , sad that Gary is still missing .
After fighting in the Eighth Xhosa War of 1850 – 53 with the 2nd ( The Queen 's Royal ) Regiment of Foot , James was stationed in the Keiskamma mountains ; he settled there with his wife Isabella Mary ( née Maclaren ) , who was originally from Dumbartonshire , Scotland .
It was generally considered part of South Africa geographically and in colonial terms , part of the British expansion into the region that had begun with the 1820 Settlers .
His absence from many of the recording sessions for The Notorious Byrd Brothers represented the final straw for McGuinn and Hillman , and Crosby would soon find himself an ex @-@ Byrd , with a handsome severance package and time to associate with his new musical partner , Stephen Stills .
As nearby stars continually evolve and die , they seed the interstellar medium with an increasing portion of heavier elements .
In an early episode , Ariel helps an orphaned merboy who had fallen in with a bad crowd .
 The period between the Battle of Stillman 's Run in May and the raid at Sinsinawa Mound in late June was filled with war @-@ related activity .
Castles , in the sense of a fortified residence of a lord or noble , arrived in Scotland as part of David I 's encouragement of Norman and French nobles to settle with feudal tenures , particularly in the south and east , and were a way of controlling the contested lowlands .
However , when remembering all the good times they had , Santa 's Little Helper snaps out of his brainwashed state and protects Bart from the dog pack , before returning to the Simpson family , who shower him with love .
The film uses footage of a kind that would aggravate a dog : a dog being hit with a rolled @-@ up newspaper , a shoe kicking a water dish , a kitten playing with a ball of string , a tank running over a doghouse , a dog being hit on the head by a falling toilet seat , and finally " footage " of Lyndon Johnson holding his dog up in the air by the ears , which actually occurred .
A one @-@ night reunion with Nemeth followed , before he began dubbing himself " The Professional " Mike Mondo and began feuding with Atlas DaBone .
Maddox enjoyed a privileged life during his childhood and youth , because of his father 's position as editor of Nature , encountering some of the leading scientific thinkers of the day and enjoying dinners with figures such as James Watson and Sir Fred Hoyle .
It became her best @-@ selling single , with sales of three million ringback tone downloads within nine months .
The album was sold via Indonesian chains of fast @-@ food restaurant KFC ( Kentucky Fried Chicken ) , where the CD was bundled with chicken package purchase .
The empire encouraged the spread of a common culture with Greek roots , which allowed ideas to be more easily expressed and understood .
Through his Rule , Benedict of Nursia ( c.480 – 543 ) , one of the founders of Western monasticism , exerted an enormous influence on European culture through the appropriation of the monastic spiritual heritage of the early Church and , with the spread of the Benedictine tradition , through the preservation and transmission of ancient culture .
In the refrigeration unit in Brian 's apartment , Dexter ties him to the killing table with plastic wrap .
The producers also concealed a narrow door of the garage entrance with a potted plant , and added false window panes to the windows , concealing the existing vertical blinds .
Tregantle had sailed from Galveston , Texas , via Norfolk , Virginia , with a load of wheat for Hull , but was sunk off Lowestoft .
A pumping station with an Appold centrifugal pump was used to achieve this , rather than the more traditional scoop wheel .
The sluice was built in the centre of the old syphon sluice channel , with a pumping station on either side of it .
She cries when he scolds her , and he placates her with a pumpkin .
She tosses a mammoth in the lake ; when it teases her by spraying her with water , she hurls a boulder at it as it swims away .
It opens with shots of her showered in gold as she rises out of a glittering bowl formed of dust while dramatic music plays in the background ; several of the scenes are filmed using a slow motion technique .
Mr. Tod has been living in the willow till he was flooded out ; at present he is in the stick house with a bad cold in his head .
 It was revealed later on that the new album was entitled Audible Minority , and it was meant to be released officially on 25 December 2008 as two versions : a free download and a limited edition Digipak with total 11 songs including a cover of the A @-@ ha song " Locust " .
Commissioned as USS George Washington ( ID @-@ 3018 ) , she sailed with her first load of American troops in December 1917 .
 George Washington sailed with her first load of troops 4 December 1917 and during the next 2 years made 18 round trip voyages in support of the American Expeditionary Forces .
A secondary contributing factor was the difficulty in manning her with sufficient skilled stokers – the role having been supplanted with the steady introduction of oil fired ships in the 1930s .
 Season six finds Liz emotionally maturing while in a new relationship ; Jack continues to attempt to recover his wife from North Korea and find his identity at Kabletown , Kenneth moves up ( and later down ) the corporate ladder , and Jenna reaches a new level of fame due to being a judge on a reality show , and considers settling down with boyfriend Paul .
In the winter the doors of this place are thronged with a crowd of sleighs and sleigh drivers , while inside , skaters and spectators form a living , moving panorama , pleasant to look upon .
The place is lighted by gas , and men and women , old and young , with a plentiful sprinkling of children , on skates , are practicing all sorts of gyrations .
Games prior to this had mostly been outdoors , with sticks and balls , with informal rules and informal team sizes .
On May 22 , 2008 , a commemorative plaque was dedicated at Centre Bell , along with a plaque honouring James Creighton .
 The film 's pressbook noted that the pendulum was eighteen @-@ feet long and weighed over a ton and was constructed with a realistic rubber cutting blade .
Lucas noted , " It takes Corman 's Freudian theories even further with a nightmarish flashblack sequence that plants the seeds of Nicholas 's breakdown , and would prove particularly influential on the future course of Italian horror — an influence that can be seen even in productions of the 1970s ( Deep Red ) and 1980s ( A Blade in the Dark ) . "
After another mishap involving losing his way during a tactical exercise and getting stuck in a field cordoned off with barbed wire , he told them that when you have done something really stupid , it is best to admit it .
The cuticle hyphae are thick @-@ walled to thin @-@ walled , with scattered inconspicuous cystidia measuring 40 – 55 by 3 @.
Such an excess is sometimes associated with a disk of dust , but in this case it lies sufficiently close to one or both of the stars that it has not been resolved with a telescope .
Brady sexually assaulted Kilbride and attempted to slit his throat with a six @-@ inch serrated blade before fatally strangling him with a piece of string , possibly a shoelace .
When Hindley asked how he had killed Bennett , Brady said that he had sexually assaulted the boy and strangled him with a piece of string .
Once inside the house Downey was undressed , gagged and forced to pose for photographs before being raped and killed , perhaps strangled with a piece of string .
Throughout the previous year Brady had been cultivating a friendship with Smith , who had become " in awe " of the older man , something that increasingly worried Hindley , as she felt it compromised their safety .
When one executive offered to settle the dispute with a coin toss , Waters asked why he should gamble on something he owned .
campaign , which featured a massive restoration of the band 's catalogue with remasterings by producer James Guthrie : in 2011 , a " Discovery " edition , featuring the remastered version with no extras ; and in 2012 , both the " Experience " edition , which adds a bonus disc of unreleased material and other supplementary items , and the " Immersion " version , a seven @-@ disc collection that also adds video materials .
In Erick , SH @-@ 30 turns back to the north , interchanging with Interstate 40 , then crossing the North Fork of the Red River and running through the unincorporated settlement of Mayfield .
 In 1984 , Eve joined with James F. Notaro , the Liberal Party of New York chairman to create the " Coalition for a Better Buffalo " , with the sole intention of identifying a candidate for the Democratic and Liberal party lines who could unseat Griffin .
 Five years later , Bian Koen and Roosminah live with their two children at the plantation Aij Tjeng used to manage .
For much of the game Everton played with a man disadvantage as striker James McFadden was sent off in the 19th minute for dissent .
@ 6 MW , with the second plant 's commissioning in November 2014 .
Upon investigating a newly fallen meteorite , Dillon is sprayed from it with ammonia gas , and a distinctive mark appears on his face .
 Quatermass is narrowly saved from discovery by the rioting construction workers , who storm the plant and along with him are besieged inside the gas distribution centre , where they pump oxygen into the completed pressure dome to poison the ammonids , however some of the workers succumb to propaganda from the plant controllers , who offer them the chance to see inside the dome .
 Thereafter , Independence was involved in two important diplomatic missions , first in May 1836 carrying San Jacinto President David G. Burnet , with his cabinet , and Santa Anna to sign the Treaty of Velasco after the Battle of San Jacinto and then , in June , setting sail for New Orleans with commissioners Peter William Grayson and James W. Collinsworth on board .
Peter Travers found the film to be a " hell of a thriller , twisty , terrific and packed with surprises " and considered Zeta @-@ Jones to be " dynamite " in it .
 At about 01 : 25 on 13 November , in near @-@ complete darkness due to the bad weather and dark moon , the ships of the Imperial Japanese force entered the sound between Savo Island and Guadalcanal and prepared to bombard Henderson Field with the special ammunition loaded for the purpose .
Abe was apparently surprised by the proximity of the U.S. ships , and with decks stacked with high explosive ( rather than armor penetrating ) munitions , was momentarily uncertain if he should withdraw to give his battleships time to rearm , or continue onward .
Amatsukaze turned back north and later also hit Juneau with a torpedo while the cruiser was exchanging fire with Yūdachi , stopping her dead in the water , breaking her keel , and knocking out most of her systems .
The park is scattered with many quarries ; the largest within the park is an open @-@ cut in the northwest corner .
Stack was slightly less generous with an " A- " , and wrote that it was a " great song choice for Santana " ; he gave " bonus points for the phenomenal Mike / Brittany choreography " , while Harper said that their dancing " totally made the song " .
Players can also use Nintendo Wi @-@ Fi Connection to upload their avatar to the Internet , to be downloaded by other players with whom they have traded friend codes .
Martin also proposed parodies of the argument , suggesting that the existence of anything can be demonstrated with Plantinga 's argument , provided it is defined as perfect or special in every possible world .
Delahaye arrived in Brest , ready for the ship 's departure , with four cases of garden seeds , one of fruit tree nuts , one containing gardening tools and another gardener ’ s clothing .
The first landfall was the Canary Islands , then the Cape of Good Hope followed by Van Diemen ’ s Land ( in Recherche Bay , Tasmania , named by d 'Entrecasteaux after the flagship of his expedition ) , then New Caledonia , Admiralty Islands , the Dutch colony of Ambon ( where Delahaye exchanged seeds with the Dutch governor ) then to south @-@ western Australia discovering and naming Esperance Bay ( d 'Entrecasteaux now commemorating his second ship ) .
Here he kept a collection of natural history specimens and an extensive herbarium together with seeds and ethnographic specimens brought back from his voyage .
 On July 4 , 1975 , a refrigerator loaded with 5 kilograms ( 11 lb ) of explosives detonated in Zion Square , killing 15 and wounding 77 .
Michael Colombier did the string arrangement with Geoff Foster acting as the strings engineer , conducting at AIR Studios .
 The video for " Passenger " begins with the band members packing themselves and their musical instruments into suitcases .
During the first chorus , the cases are loaded onto a baggage carousel with a bomb , whilst security personnel are distracted .
 Powderfinger ’ s bass guitarist , John Collins , jokingly noted in an interview with Rod Yates of Massive Magazines that " the guitars are out of tune at the start of Passenger " , whilst guitarist Darren Middleton explained that " there are not regrets with any of that sort of stuff , it ’ s part of who we are and what we ’ ve done " , in reference to the out of tune guitars .
Feeling that the album needed something more autobiographical and confessional and a song which would show her vulnerable side , Gaga worked with Rubin who let her do the song in the way she wanted and just assisted in recording it .
 Prime Minister George Forbes had not made appointments to the Legislative Council since 1930 , with the exception of James Parr in 1931 , and membership dwindled during the years of the Great Depression .
Manzanero helped with arrangements and song selection , Calderón was involved with the string section and Cibrian with production basics .
The academy had its last serious brush with abolition or major reform during the war , when some members of Congress charged that even the accelerated curriculum allowed young men to " hide out " at West Point and avoid combat duty .
At the Buena Vista Social Club , musicians went there to hang out with each other , like they used to do at musicians ' unions in the U.S. , and they 'd have dances and activities .
A classical theme is also present in many tracks with the melody being provided by string instruments and deep drums to heighten the mood or increase tension .
The spill area may be scrubbed with a stiff brush and warm , soapy water .
Game Revolution agreed , and PC Gamer stated that the graphics in the third release " are packed with detail . "
With their limousine stuck in traffic , Jack exits the vehicle to try to digest Liz 's story .
Bart and Nelson attempt to be friends , but Marge forbids Bart to hang out with Nelson .
At the time of his rule , Copán was undergoing an unprecedented rise in population , with residential land use spreading to all available land in the entire Copán Valley .
The buff @-@ coloured hennin headdress is draped with a large transparent veil , which spills over her shoulders , reaching her upper arms .
When describing this tendency in relation to the Washington portrait , art historian Norbert Schneider wrote , " While van Eyck shows nature ' in the raw ' , as it were , Rogier improves on physical reality , civilising and refining Nature and the human form with the help of a brush . "
He wrote that the " jarring image of an American supersoldier spraying their church with bullets may indeed seem less like a meaningless violation of ' whiny dogma ' than a sick joke . "
Even with tolls being collected and stock being bought , these could not offset the costs of repairs and maintenance .
He then passes out on the floor , where Mrs. Krabappel pokes him with a metre stick and realises that he was indeed telling the truth .
The result is that , although Payback is packed with information , it can seem oddly thin ...
Thousands filed by his open casket in the Senate Chamber ; his body was transported by funeral train to his hometown of Kingston , with crowds greeting the train at each stop .
After noticing Ruby doodling in the sand with sticks , her keeper decided to give her a brush and paint .
 As is the case with many modern passenger ships , many of the major public rooms on board Queen Mary 2 are on the lowest public decks of the ship , with the passenger cabins stacked above .
Another source of income for Brundage and his company was hotel construction , for which he was often paid in part with stock in the new facility .
The Bastille , already hugely unpopular with the revolutionary crowds , was now the only remaining royalist stronghold in central Paris , in addition to which he was protecting a recently arrived stock of 250 barrels of valuable gunpowder .
Guitarist Joe Walsh used the Leslie early in his career with the James Gang .
 Chadderton is contiguous with other settlements on all sides , including a shared boundary with the city of Manchester to the southwest .
Major A roads link Chadderton with other settlements , including the A663 road .
On 30 November , Sunday Herald journalist Paul Hutcheon reported that along with voting packs , Unite had also sent its members a " mock ballot paper " instructing them to vote for Findlay and Clark , while the GMB union had also included material endorsing Findlay and Clark as their preferred candidates .
The bathroom contains a double @-@ sized stall with a teak shower stall , black tiles and a large rain @-@ style showerhead .
Bathrooms are spacious and loaded with marble floors , whirlpool tubs and double sinks , along with flatscreen TVs . "
Serving lunch and dinner , the menu includes shrimp and roasted corn or sweet potato and pecan tamales , spice @-@ rubbed pork tenderloin with ancho chili sauce and a variety of steak , seafood and duck dishes .
 On 16 February 2008 , Jones began presenting a new 15 @-@ minute programme entitled E24 on BBC News with James Dagwell .
Pinocchio becomes Stromboli 's star attraction as a marionette who can sing and dance without strings while performing with marionettes of Dutch girls , French can @-@ can girls , and Russian Cossacks .
 Led by Arcidiacono , Villanova enjoyed a 20 – 14 season and reached the NCAA Tournament where they were seeded ninth and matched up with eight seed North Carolina in the first round .
Thompson left the band once more during 1993 to play with Robert Plant and Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin , and Bamonte took over as lead guitarist .
After a photographer takes a picture of Ash playing with a rubber duck in the bathtub , Ash sets out to kill the 100 monsters that have seen the photo , to restore his image .
The player navigates these zones by traveling on a large buzz @-@ saw @-@ like circular blade that can cut through the environment , can fire a variety of projectile weapons , and is equipped with a jet pack .
 The borders of German South @-@ West Africa had been settled via treaties with Portugal ( 1886 ) and Britain ( 1890 ) , but the coast line had not been surveyed in detail .
In an interview with Jam !
And then in Chicago we 're recording some songs with James and Chris that are more mid @-@ dissonant pop – – mid @-@ tempo , mid @-@ volume . "
 Insofar as the hilly topography of the site would allow , the city was built on a Roman grid plan and settled with veterans who fought in the victorious legions and other foreign colonists .
The top layer of the pastry is usually dyed orange with food coloring and sprinkled with crushed pistachios .
Melbourne 's ship 's company was recalled immediately from leave , the ship was loaded with supplies , and the carrier departed Sydney on 26 December in the company of HMAS Brisbane .
Ship building prospered and keeled ships of 1000 – 1200 bahares ( burden ) were built without decks by sewing the entire hull with ropes rather than fastening them with nails .
 After spending two years on tour promoting Brown Sugar , D 'Angelo found himself stuck with writer 's block .
/ I say it 's up to God ' ) , or about anyone facing doubters with a revolver loaded with talent and self @-@ confidence ( ' I 'm gonna put my finger on the trigger / I 'm gonna pull it , and then we gon ' see / What the deal / I 'm for real ' ) " .
 Even as she was being built , Furious was modified with a large hangar capable of housing ten aircraft on her forecastle replacing the forward turret .
Beginning during the Mughal reign , and continuing during the British Raj , Arabian horses were imported to India and crossed with the native stock , creating the ancestors of the modern Kathiawari breed .
You hang out with the other bands all day , you play your set , and then hang out again . "
The match began with James attempting a roll @-@ up on Melina for a near @-@ fall , though Phoenix performed a clothesline on James .
Deep vein thrombosis is prevented with compression stockings , intermittent pneumatic compression of the calves , or both .
Unreliable and expensive at first , plant ice began to successfully compete with natural ice in Australia and India during the 1850s and 1870s respectively , until , by the outbreak of World War I in 1914 , more plant ice was being produced in the U.S. each year than naturally harvested ice .
Australia 's distance from New England , where journeys could take 115 days , and the consequent high level of wastage – 150 tons of the first 400 @-@ ton shipment to Sydney melted on route – made it relatively easy for plant ice to compete with the natural product .
The U.S. government worked together with the plant and natural ice industries to promote the use of natural ice to relieve the burden and maintain adequate supplies .
The ice was typically packed up tightly with sawdust , and the hold was then closed to prevent warmer air entering ; other forms of protective dunnage used to protect ice included hay and pine tree cuttings .
This requirement for large quantities of sawdust coincided with the growth in the New England lumber industry in the 1830s ; sawdust had no other use at the time , and was in fact considered something of a problem , so its use in the ice trade proved very useful to the local timber industry .
The Wailers , now regularly recording for Studio One , found themselves working with established Jamaican musicians such as Ernest Ranglin ( arranger " It Hurts To Be Alone " ) , the keyboardist Jackie Mittoo and saxophonist Roland Alphonso .
A three @-@ day jam session with Norman and others , including Norman 's co @-@ writer Al Pyfrom , resulted in a 24 @-@ minute tape of Marley performing several of his own and Norman @-@ Pyfrom 's compositions .
In 1975 , Marley had his international breakthrough with his first hit outside Jamaica , " No Woman , No Cry " , from the Natty Dread album .
The forest dieback has affected 22 species of plants with Calophyllum walkeri being the most affected .
Huggins made wholesale changes to the Yankees ' lineup , as he replaced Ward at second base with Howard Shanks , catchers Steve O 'Neill and Wally Schang with Benny Bengough , and , most notably , Pipp with Lou Gehrig at first base , beginning Gehrig 's record consecutive games played streak .
JoLinda was hospitalized and nearly died after she mistakenly injected herself with LSD .
He was named co @-@ captain of the 2006 team , along with James and Anthony .
 During the big three era , Wade has seen his overall offensive production decrease , a result of sharing the offense with LeBron James and Chris Bosh , but has succeeded at overall shooting a greater percentage despite taking less shots and playing more off the ball .
He notes its presence in the scene where Schindler arranges for a Holocaust train loaded with victims awaiting transport to be hosed down , and the scene in Auschwitz , where the women are given an actual shower instead of receiving the expected gassing .
 According to Slovak filmmaker Juraj Herz , the scene in which a group of women confuse an actual shower with a gas chamber is taken directly , shot by shot , from his film Zastihla mě noc ( Night Caught Up with Me , 1986 ) .
According to the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry , police were armed with sticks , shields , sound bombs , tear gas and shotguns .
During the raid , riot police attacked his tent and cut through it ; despite telling them he was a physician , police handcuffed him from his back and a number of security officers repeatedly punched , kicked and hit him with sticks on his head and other parts of the body .
Unaware of all this , Gelimer marched up with the main army and scattered the Roman advance forces present at Ad Decimum .
Jean and Marguerite de Carrouges then , with the crowd following in a great procession , rode from the abbey to the cathedral of Notre @-@ Dame de Paris , to give thanks for the victory .
The army crossed Central Europe , united with the Hungarians and marched south , burning the city of Vidin and massacring the inhabitants before following the course of the Danube southeast , cutting a swathe of destruction through Ottoman territory .
With the allied army strung out , Bayezid marshaled his reserves and defeated the crusaders in a furious engagement in which fell most of the allied army .
Wete also pointed out that " He chose not to go the cliche rap @-@ video route and fill his four @-@ minute flick with nearly naked women , Ciroc bottles , and Beamers " , and that he stuck with " one leading lady " .
 The statue depicts a doughboy walking through shattered tree stumps strung with barbed wire , his rifle in his left hand and his right hand held high above his head , clutching a hand grenade .
 He is often seen hanging around with his best friend Patrick , who lives on the same street as SpongeBob two doors down .
Eventually , Smith settled on a design with a height of 1 @,@ 362 feet ( 415 m ) , which was the height of 2 World Trade Center , the shorter of the former twin World Trade Center towers .
The kings of England and the Welsh princes had vied for control of the region since the 1070s , with Norman and English nobles and settlers slowly expanding their territories over several centuries .
Conwy 's outer ward was originally crowded with administrative and service buildings .
She injects a prison guard with metal , with which Magneto makes his escape , and also sexually tempts Wolverine .
Honeyman had served with Major General James Wolfe in Quebec at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham on September 13 , 1759 , and had no trouble establishing his credentials as a Tory .
Calling the current method of game development " broken " , Wideload began with a staff of 10 , with the plan to outsource the lion 's share of development , to stay within budget .
 On December 12 , 2006 , in an attempt to boost his chances of playing in the NBA , McNamara signed with the Bakersfield Jam , an NBA Development League team located in Bakersfield , California .
 Tiring of the back and forth , fair leaders demanded a meeting with Mint officials to settle the matter of the design .
 Later in its duration , Nabi brushed southeastern South Korea with rainbands .
Impossible to ignore was the sight of their drummer , Victor " Moulty " Moulton , who played the drums holding one of his sticks with a prosthetic clamp in place of his left hand , worn as the result of an earlier accident .
" The Seeds and the Leaves were favorites with the " in @-@ crowd " and managed to score national hits with songs that have come to be regarded as garage classics : the Seeds with " Pushin ' Too Hard " and the Leaves with " Hey Joe " .
On the Liverpool label the Bees released their 1966 paranoiac anthem , " Voices Green and Purple " , which climaxes with rants screamed over thrashing guitars , and came wrapped in a paper jacket festooned with the kind of scrawled lettering and defaced imagery suggestive of later " D.I.Y. "
The Unrelated Segments , whose ranks included lead vocalist , Ron Stults and guitarist Rory Mack , recorded a string of songs beginning with local protopunk hit " You Can 't Buy Love " , followed by others such as " Where You Gonna Go " .
From Cleveland , the Baskerville Hounds specialized in a tough blues @-@ based sound and cut a string of singles including " Baby I 'm Losing You " , " Make Me Your Man " , and " All You Had to Do is Ask " , having more widespread success with in 1969 with " Hold Me " , which cracked the national charts.
the Choir , two of whose members would later become members of 1970s power pop combo the Raspberries , had a regional hit with " It 's Cold Outside " , but it was the Outsiders who achieved a major splash with " Time Won 't Let Me " in 1966 .
From Tampa came the Tropics , who were also relatively prolific and cut songs such as " For a Long Time " and " As Time 's Gone " as well as the Rovin ' Flames , whose string of singles began with their rendition of " Gloria " and included " How Many Times " , " I 'm Afraid to Go Home " , and " I Can 't " .
The Gaunga Dyns had a local hit with an upbeat song previously recorded by the Glass Cans from Houston , " Stick With Her " , but its flip @-@ side , " Rebecca Rodifier " , provided a dark counterpoint , recounting the unpleasant saga of a fictional female protagonist who dies in the aftermath of an illegal and botched abortion — perhaps rock 's first song dealing with the controversial topic .
In Charlotte , the Paragons ( not to be confused with the Jamaican ska group of the same name ) were one of the most popular bands in town , and went to Arthur Smith 's studio to record their single on Bobbi Records featuring , " Abba " , which was characterized by the sound of crackling 12 @-@ string guitar riffs and became an enormous hit in the local area , reaching # 1 on the local charts and leading to their appearance on The Village Square , a nationally syndicated TV show broadcast by WBTV in Charlotte , where they did a lip @-@ synched performance of " Abba " , which is now regarded as a garage rock classic .
In 1986 and 1988 he faced Gordon R. Roberts , defeating him two @-@ to @-@ one in 1986 ( 106 @,@ 354 to 42 @,@ 155 with independent Amos Seeley receiving a scattering ) and three @-@ to @-@ one in 1988 ( 152 @,@ 235 to 52 @,@ 635 ) .
the Song is You : A Singer 's Art , author Will Friedwald complimented Cole 's version , saying that it had been the " startingly fresh " combination of the singer 's vocals along with the string section , which had made " Nature Boy " a hit .
However , due to the AFM ban , other record companies could not release full versions with strings , only a capella tracks .
Sinatra 's version of " Nature Boy " replaced the string sounds of the original recording with a choir conducted by Jeff Alexander , which , according to Friedwald , made the song sound like a Gregorian chant .
However , Pitchfork Media reviewer Nitsuh Abebe was less impressed , and wrote that the album 's songs " keep feeling like exercises : too thick and melodic to work like dance music , but with melodies that refuse to stick as satisfyingly as pop . "
Texas stuck with their passing game for three quarters and was trailed Nebraska most of the way ; the Cornhuskers led 17 – 9 to start the fourth quarter .
I shall compile it with an equal portion of what everyone should know .
 At first , the red rain in Kerala was attributed to the same effect , with dust from the deserts of Arabia initially the suspect .
Pack united his remaining forces with Craufurd and resisted inside the Santo Domingo convent .
Professionally , the rest of 1816 passed quietly for the tired Minister , who was concerned with fiscal policy and monitoring the spread of liberalism in Germany and nationalism in Italy .
 Later in 1907 , Brinkley settled with his wife in Chicago , where they celebrated the birth of a daughter on November 5 – Wanda Marion Brinkley .
 Brinkley and Crawford decided to settle out of court with Greenville 's angry merchants for a sum of several thousand dollars , most of which Crawford paid .
Brinkley also continued packing his radio lineup with up @-@ and @-@ coming country and roots singers whose careers his radio station helped launch ( including Patsy Montana , Red Foley , Gene Autry , Jimmie Rodgers , The Carter Family , and others ) .
As a result , Jaime Alguersuari inherited 15th position , ahead of his teammate Sébastien Buemi who opted to run one flying lap with a light fuel load for his last run of the second session but made minor mistakes which cost him time .
The quarters of the sky were born from she who crouched with legs spread .
The earth was born from she who crouched with legs spread , and from the earth the quarters of the sky were born . "
For instance , a piñata might be attracted to a garden with a specific plant , type of piñata , or amount of soil .
Considering the previous game 's slow start , Tom Bramwell ( Eurogamer ) thought that Trouble in Paradise did a better job of introducing the player to the world by pre @-@ loading player gardens with animals , plants , and decorations , and offering a tutorial .
The Scottish Executive and SEPA has funded seven small scale farm trial plants with the British anaerobic digestion company Greenfinch in Southwest Scotland .
We anointed ourselves all over with the stuff and again lay down in great hopes , but it was not to be , because instead of discouraging them it seemed to act like a kind of hors d 'oeuvre and the little beggars went at their feast with renewed vigour .
Towards the end of the video , the crowd ends up dancing with each other , while Derulo dances with a female .
Khan advances Jasmine 's career by rigging awards , and showers her with gifts ; he becomes obsessed with her .
Anteaters may target termite mounds with bee hives .
Writing for a Ninth Circuit majority ( the arrest occurred in California ) in Poehlman v United States , 217 F3d 692 ( 9th Cir 2000 ) , Judge Alex Kozinski reversed the conviction , saying the defendant had met the Jacobson standard and shown that the idea of crossing state lines to have sex with a minor had been implanted only after extensive email correspondence with an undercover FBI agent .
This large drawing room , decorated with blue brocade , is hung with Grimaldi family portraits and has chandeliers of Murano glass .
The main challenge for the team was making Bravely Default a traditional RPG without overloading it with nostalgic elements .
 With the bow now irretrievably stuck , and the threat of even worse weather coming which could completely destroy the ship , White Star officials decided to attempt an unorthodox method of saving the stern half of the ship , which was not grounded nor damaged , by separating it from the damaged bow .
With James , the Persian Rugs recorded their debut album Turkish Delight , released in August 2003 .
The bird prefers open short @-@ grass savannas with scattered stands of these mature thornbushes .
 A legend narrates that the sacrificial cow Kamadhenu resided with sage Jamadagni .
Consequently , prior to leaving Sinanju purpose @-@ designed American cold @-@ weather clothing was issued ; however , with stocks in short supply only a few of the men received the equipment , even after a second issue was arranged several days later .
It deteriorated so much that advisories were discontinued , with Miami Weather Bureau meteorologist James George remarking that " no danger [ existed there ] whatsoever . "
 2005 AVN Award - Best All @-@ Girl Sex Scene , Film ( The Masseuse ) with Jenna Jameson
@ 8 metres ( 5 to 6 ft ) or they can be set in rows with planting intervals of 1 @.
When harvesting by machine , plants with an upright growth habit are encouraged .
 Sundews are characterised by the glandular tentacles , topped with sticky secretions , that cover their laminae .
 The flowers of sundews , as with nearly all carnivorous plants , are held far above the leaves by a long stem.This physical isolation of the flower from the traps was originally thought to be an adaptation meant to avoid trapping potential pollinators ; a recent study , however , indicated Drosera species attract distinct types of insects as pollinators and prey , with little overlap .
The pollen grain type is compound , which means four microspores ( pollen grains ) are stuck together with a protein called callose .
In addition to the three species and the hybrid native to Europe , North America is also home to four additional species ; D. brevifolia is a small annual native to coastal states from Texas to Virginia , while D. capillaris , a slightly larger plant with a similar range , is also found in areas of the Caribbean .
 In the episode , Field Marshal Haig is shown casually sweeping away toy soldiers with a dustpan and brush ; BBC News Magazine 's Finlo Rohrer called this a " visual allusion to his callousness " , but quoted the historian Gary Sheffield as saying " The real Field Marshal Haig was certainly not a callous man .
On 1 March 1338 , John of Bohemia 's son and heir , Charles , Margrave of Moravia , signed a new treaty with Charles I of Hungary and Louis in Visegrád .
Five days later , Csanád Telegdi , Archbishop of Esztergom , crowned Louis king with the Holy Crown of Hungary in Székesfehérvár .
 To deal with the grievances of the Hungarian noblemen , Louis held a Diet in late 1351 .
Pope Innocent VI urged the Venetians to make a peace with Hungary .
 The stage was triangular in shape and consisted of ramps around it , with lighting arrangements hanging about 30 feet above the stage .
Robinson , an excellent defender , kept up with Olajuwon and remained planted .
Early recordings show a progression to an open chord , while later ones have more elaborate single @-@ string guitar improvisation with effects , such as wah @-@ wah , before a chiming final chord .
A March 17 , 1968 , instrumental jam with Hendrix and members of the Paul Butterfield Blues Band and the Electric Flag is built around " Little Wing " .
Positioned at the Humra mound in the east with the 4th and 11th Squadrons , the regiment was assigned to watch for Turkish reinforcement coming from Huj .
 The Seleucids sued for peace and began settling it with Scipio Asiaticus .
Two weeks after being admitted to hospital , he recorded the song at the Record Plant Studios with his jaw still wired shut .
By rapping with his jaw sewed up , The Source noted that West used " the element of surprise to his advantage " .
They expressed anger at the federal government 's handling of the 1992 Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) standoff with Randy Weaver at Ruby Ridge as well as the Waco siege — a 1993 51 @-@ day standoff between the FBI and Branch Davidian members which began with a botched ATF attempt to execute a search warrant leading to a fire fight ( it is unknown whether ATF agents or Branch Davidians fired the first shot ) and ended with the burning and shooting deaths of David Koresh and 75 others .
PA 378 continues northbound , interchanging with and crossing under Catasauqua Road .
 Opening to positive reviews , Hairspray met with financial success , breaking the record for biggest sales at opening weekend for a movie musical , which the film held until July 2008 when it was surpassed by Mamma Mia !
In Border Princes she engages in an affair with the mysterious James Mayer , while Rhys is endangering himself for her in Slow Decay by taking an alien diet pill to impress her .
John Barrowman feels that if Jack were to settle down with her " he 'd have to commit completely " ; this is why he does not act on his feelings , because though Gwen would let him flirt with other people , he could " never afford to do anything more " .
These disputes with Slovenia were eventually settled with an agreement to accept the decision of an international arbitration commission set up via the UN , enabling Croatia to progress towards EU membership .
Three engines with a fourth on standby could pump water at a rate of 7 @.
The breeding range continues across the temperate and taiga zones of Asia , with scattered outposts on the Persian Gulf and the coast of Iran .
In September 1942 , the S @-@ 1 Executive Committee recommended that a five @-@ tank pilot plant be built along with a 200 @-@ tank section of a production plant .
Groves cancelled the pilot plant on 14 November , in favor of proceeding immediately with the production plant .
The mosaic floor of the chancel is ornately with designs showing the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit ( Wisdom , Understanding , Counsel , Ghostly Strength , Knowledge , Godliness and Holy Fear ) along with symbols of St James the Great ( the staff , scrip , palm , scallop shell and hat of the pilgrim ) .
It commemorates more than 50 men associated with St James ' who were killed in the First World War , throughout which the roll of honour was regularly read during the Eucharist .
The bells were dedicated on 27 July 2003 and are named after people associated with St James ' Church , as follows :
Described as a " lopsided oval " , the room had wood paneled walls hung with portraits of beautiful women and had no windows .
The venue was usually packed with luminaries during its golden years , and dining orders could take a long time to be dealt with .
They included compacts studded with diamonds and rubies , French perfumes , champagne and other liquors , and even automobiles .
These mistakes are usually the result of confusion between Null and either 0 ( zero ) or an empty string ( a string value with a length of zero , represented in SQL as ' ' ) .
 Similarly , Nulls are often confused with empty strings .
Later , Kevin overexerts himself at the gymnasium and goes into shock ; Noah saves his life by injecting him with Kevin 's EpiPen .
The following day , Noah leaves a printer running in Claire 's classroom , with images of them sleeping together scattered everywhere .
Hendrix also performed the song in 1966 with his band Jimmy James and the Blue Flames at the Cafe Wha ?
The San Jose Mercury News 's Daniel Brown said NFL gambling " seems to be a crew @-@ wide addiction , which is why ' Lisa the Greek ' is filled with sophisticated gags about point spreads and bookies . "
McDonald 's accounts along with those of other settlers resulted in Lord Dunmore 's decision to wage a war against the Native Americans to pacify the frontier lands of western Virginia for continued settlement .
Mulder visits a sewage processing plant and finds a large humanoid with a fluke @-@ like mouth .
Although standing in opposition , Howard agreed with Rubin that more emphasis should be placed on technique than fitness training .
It was intended that in the summer , when water supply was lower , it would serve as a reservoir with water pumped from the moors ; and in winter serve as a drainage channel , via gravity drainage .
Discovered in 1892 by Arthur Bulleid , it was inhabited by about 200 people living in 14 roundhouses , and was built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
The Plutonium Boss originally intended to inject Jason and Fred with microbots that , even if Jason managed to defeat him , would kill both Jason and Fred , but he could only inject Fred .
Jason and SOPHIA the 3rd are then shrunken and injected inside Fred to do battle with the microbots and their contraptions – something which Ireland described as " a pretty clear video game spin on Fantastic Voyage kind of adventure " .
Then , on 6 April , they tied with Hungary 5 – 5 .
Its success resulted in Minogue travelling to London with Mushroom Records executive Gary Ashley to work with Stock , Aitken and Waterman .
 After the success of her debut single " Locomotion " in Australia , Minogue traveled to London to work with Stock Aitken Waterman , a successful British writing and production team .
production renders Kylie as dated as that haircut on the album cover , and it 's as loaded with variety as a loaf of bread , but the little Aussie pop rocket is already showing signs of personality and the record 's quintessentially ' 80s charm ultimately wins through . "
That young woman sitting on nothing in particular , wearing nothing to speak of , looking over her shoulder at nothing imaginable , and bearing in her left hand something that looks like a broomstick with a woolen nightcap on it — what is she doing there ?
In an interview with James Sullivan of the The Boston Globe , the singer said that Title focuses on " an awkward 19- , 20 @-@ year @-@ old , when you 're pretty sure you 're an adult but you 're not , yet . "
Cramming the already crowded ensemble with celebs may have been a ratings grabber ... but the results are forced sitcomedy and stilted acting , " specifically citing Van Damme .
 I 'm telling this chick ... how bad I am , so she can go tell the cat she 's hanging with , " this dude is something else . "
In 1964 , they performed an eight @-@ minute version in a jam style later associated with the Grateful Dead .
The Mint Director 's tentative negotiations with Aitken for the large gold coins and with Buffalo nickel designer James Earl Fraser for the award medal ended when Roberts resigned in November to take a banking job ; McAdoo appointed Dr. Frederic Dewey as Acting Director of the Mint .
The song , along with the rest of Reign in Blood , was recorded in 1986 in Los Angeles , California , with producer Rick Rubin .
 The power plant operates using a lower and upper reservoir along with a power plant connected to both .
The woman refused the soldier and drove him off with a stick .
It had a triple doorway divided by columns and was built from adobe covered with plaster , the columns and walls on eithers side of the doorways were painted with decorations , traces of red , yellow and blue were found by archaeologists , these colours were applied to designs marked out onto a thin cap of clay with a pointed instrument .
With soot smeared across her body , she calmly smokes a cigarette while her pyrotechnic bra activates .
Gaga was dressed in a flesh @-@ colored bodysuit wrapped with white piping and embedded with flashing lights , imitating ribs and a spine .
 The company considered making 25 percent of the company available on the stock market and providing employees with stock @-@ options during the dot @-@ com bubble before the following downturn , but ultimately chose not to .
John Graves Simcoe was tasked with defending Upper Canada from America following the revolution and with opening the virgin territory to settlement .
Meanwhile , other ships moored near the northern shore after breaking up pack ice with gunfire .
At the recommendation of the Nokomis Library Public Art Selection Committee , Nokomis 's $ 52 @,@ 000 art budget was spent hiring Kristin Cheronis to polish , clean , protect , and restring the entire installation with the aim of returning it to its initial appearance .
Activision 's February 2011 decision to shutter their Guitar Hero development initially stated that no further downloadable content will be forthcoming for the title , but due to " continued support " from their fanbase , Activision has since decided it will continue to release downloadable content for the game through at least March and April 2011 with packs that were in the works prior to the closure of Guitar Hero .
Austria 's chancellor Wolfgang Schüssel followed , changing his coalition with the FPÖ into cooperation with the BZÖ .
Hatirjheel covering 320 acres ( 129 ha ) is transformed into a place of festivity at night but with serenity settling down .
 State Government Fisheries departments support Murray cod populations by stocking with hatchery bred fish , especially in man made lakes .
 Upon release , the album received mostly positive reviews from the music press , with Billboard magazine predicting that " The Byrds will be riding high on the LP charts again with this top rock package . "
Arsenal were not distracted from their task ; they won 2 – 0 with goals from James and Lambert to bring home the club 's first major trophy .
They helped set it again over the next two seasons with crowds of 29 @,@ 576 and 30 @,@ 218 .
 Potassium metal was first isolated in 1807 in England by Sir Humphry Davy , who derived it from caustic potash ( KOH , potassium hydroxide ) by electrolysis of molten KOH with the newly discovered voltaic pile .
 This reaction is exothermic and releases enough heat to ignite the resulting hydrogen in the presence of oxygen , possibly explosively splashing onlookers with potassium hydroxide , which is a strong alkali that destroys living tissue and causes skin burns .
They reported having settled all disputes with Vick 's creditors , including Joel .
Third Day 's bassist Tai Anderson recalls that " We got together in their home studio and had a jam session that went with Mac 's idea of a song based on the idea of ' lift up your head ' from the Psalms ... By working with another ' southern ' rock band from South Carolina , we got to show our Georgia roots musically with a " gospel " sound " ; he further noted that " the big message of the song is ' salvation is calling ' " .
C. E 'Jon Moore of The Christian Manifesto praised " Lift Up Your Face " , saying " [ the song ] gets you out of your seat and sticks with you long after the last note has faded " .
They also performed the song as the opener at a concert in Joplin , Missouri on March 20 , 2011 ; Third Day later released this live recording as a digital download along with the rest of the concert , with proceeds going to relief for the devastating tornado that struck Joplin on May 22 , 2011 .
 Castles , in the sense of a fortified residence of a lord or noble , arrived in Scotland as part of David I 's encouragement of Norman and French nobles to settle with feudal tenures , particularly in the south and east , and were a way of controlling the contested lowlands .
In his struggles with his nobles in 1488 James III received assistance from his two warships the Flower and the King 's Carvel also known as the Yellow Carvel .
The name Rusty was later retired and replaced with Rubina .
Several days after returning to France , Diarra made his debut , coming on as a substitute and providing assist for debutant Axel Ngando , who scored his first goal for the club to settle a draw with Lorient .
With the aircraft refuelled and loaded with bombs , he — in company with the rest of the squadron — then led his flight on a total of four sorties against the enemy insurgents .
In the center of the fort there is a courtyard planted with trees .
Motel employee Rosario Garza saw Saldívar leave her room with a wrapped towel .
 " Before each execution Sutomo mockingly asked the crowd what should be done with this " Musuh ( enemy ) of the people " .
During the match , Debra hit Goldust over the head with Jarrett 's trademark guitar , enabling Jarrett to win .
 The A330 @-@ 300P2F variant has a payload of 60 tonnes with the range of 2 @,@ 200 nautical miles ( 4 @,@ 000 km ) or 61 tonnes with the range of 3 @,@ 600 nautical miles ( 6 @,@ 600 km ) for the higher MTOW variants .
Wolverine has Colossus throw him at Magneto and distracting him long enough for Beast to inject Magneto with the " cure " and thus nullifying his powers .
Along with the inclusion of two hangar decks , this allowed Ark Royal to carry up to 72 aircraft , although the development of larger and heavier aircraft during the carrier 's construction meant that the actual number carried was between 50 and 60 .
A small , disused , black village pump remains in Portishead with a strapped down handle .
He called the Rachel and Shelby storyline " very well @-@ handled , another emotional story that the series is mostly nailing the execution of " , and opined : " Chris Colfer and Mike O 'Malley ( always good together ) brought out the best in Cory Monteith , who sometimes struggles with the weightier stuff . "
However , Stahl called the game 's construction system unfriendly , stating that the player is " better off just sticking with one of the default vehicles " .
 On the train , they inject Rain and Kaplan with the anti @-@ virus .
Most of the summit in 1950 was covered with a dense growth of scrub brush and small pine trees .
The D Company position was entirely within the area enclosed by the stone wall , which was nearly intact except on the northeast near the 3rd Platoon position where it had crumbled and was covered with brush and trees .
 With the inheritance case settled , he left the public eye and returned to the life of a rural landowner ; he placed Craigievar Castle in the hands of the National Trust for Scotland and continued to live in his house at Brux .
 Triceratops were herbivorous , and because of their low head , their primary food was probably low growth , although they may have been able to knock down taller plants with their horns , beak , and bulk .
 Triceratops teeth were arranged in groups called batteries , of 36 to 40 tooth columns , in each side of each jaw with 3 to 5 stacked teeth per column , depending on the size of the animal .
One was the sloop Fair Henrietta , of 70 tons , sailing from Philadelphia to Cape Francois with a load of lumber and bricks .
The next morning ( September 18 ) , Colt placed the body into a large shipping crate and packed it with salt .
The stevedore opened the crate , revealing a half @-@ naked male corpse wrapped in a shop awning , bound with rope and packed with salt .
 After both having released solo albums in the early 90s , Pata and Heath teamed up with Spread Beaver percussionist / programmer I.N.A.
After Cui 's execution , the Daoist community was forced to flee , with many of them settling at the Daoist center of Louguan .
He demanded a match with Bret to settle the dispute .
The aircraft was being flown at an altitude of less than 100 ft with restricted visibility due to dust clouds thrown up by American armoured forces .
A survey in 1982 reported 450 plants in five populations , with the largest population comprising 300 plants .
The Banksia Atlas survey found one population to be on the side of a road ; the plants were aging with no new seedlings noted , and the site was weed @-@ infested .
 Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback has not been identified as a threat to this species , but testing has found it to be highly susceptible ; in one study it exhibited the highest susceptibility of 49 Banksia species studied , with 80 % of plants dead within 96 days of inoculation with the disease , and 100 % dead within a year .
It requires full sun , but some protection from the wind is recommended , as this is a fast @-@ growing plant with spindly branches that are easily damaged by wind .
The Dark Blue crew contained a single rower with Boat Race experience in Jamie Cook , a member of the victorious 2015 crew .
Row of The Oregonian called Pod a " complex , funny piece " , comparing it to a " mechanical spider with an unlikely spine sticking in the air " .
Prominent among the library 's features is a carved Italian marble mantle with a large gilt mirror hung above it .
The living room features a " pargework " ceiling constructed of molded plaster and designed with a geometric theme .
It was rebuilt as the Theatre Royal , along with the Grand Pump Room attached to the Roman Baths and assembly rooms .
Krauss suggested changes to his own make @-@ up and costumes , including the elements of a top hat , cape , and walking stick with an ivory handle for his character .
Along with the change of operator and stock , the Norwegian National Rail Administration , who owns the stations and tracks , did an overhaul of maintenance on many of the stations , in particular removing years of vandalism .
During the contest , the two fought on the outside of the ring , where Shocker performed a dropkick on Shelley and went to follow up with a backflip splash .
He applied for the KK Hofballmusikdirektor Music Director of the Royal Court Balls position , which he eventually attained in 1863 , after being denied several times before for his frequent brushes with the local authorities .
This left only two narrow approaches to the town , each guarded by barriers and watched over by cannon loaded with lethal grapeshot .
The guns were kept constantly loaded with several rounds positioned nearby in reserve , in case of a surprise attack .
He also deemed his character " incredibly honest and morally upright " , " a total oddball with all sorts of hang @-@ ups " , and as being " very stuck in his ways . "
Throughout series eight , Joseph cultivated a friendship with Elliot 's daughter Martha , who had strong romantic feelings for him .
After Ross explains how Banner became the Hulk , Blonsky agrees to be injected with a small amount of a similar serum , which gives him enhanced speed , strength , agility , and healing , but also begins to deform his skeleton and impair his judgment .
Blonsky stays behind and forces Sterns to inject him with Banner 's blood , as he covets the Hulk 's power .
 A Russian @-@ born officer in the United Kingdom 's Royal Marines Commandos loaned to Gen. Ross who , lusting for the Hulk 's power , is injected with various serums to transform into a monster more powerful than the Hulk himself .
The Hulk 's theme was meant to be iconic and simple , like Jaws ( 1975 ) , with string glissandos on a bass C note .
I heard the bass line and then we kind of were collaborating on that in the control room , and then I just started programming on the keyboard all this stuff ; he was jamming with it and it just kind of came about like that . "
Nirvana was initially brought in because the tour promoters decided that Pearl Jam should be replaced with a more successful act , but the departure of The Smashing Pumpkins still kept the group in the concert bill .
Allan Jones of Melody Maker suggested in his review of Ten that it is Vedder that " provides Pearl Jam with such a uniquely compelling focus . "
Tamar Anitai of MTV described the video as " a bummer " , writing " [ It ] isn 't just about a girl with her calendar permanently stuck on the twelfth month of the year .
The leaves are also eaten by grasshoppers , and grasshoppers commonly plant egg pods in the ground near Hippeastrum bulbs , which erupt in the spring , covering the plant with nymphs .
The major US contribution came from the work of Henry Nehrling and Theodore Mead , whose hybrids crossed with Dutch stock have produced some modern hybrids , although not matching the European strains .
 The technique of plant tissue culture in vitro improves the propagation of Hippeastrum by decreasing the time required to reach the minimum size to start the reproductive cycle , using sections of bulbs grown in artificial media with the addition of plant hormones .
Plants may be fed with common fertilizers that contain iron and magnesium .
Two other widespread Cortinarius species with violet coloring and a slimy cap , C. salor and C. croceocaeruleus , can be distinguished from C. iodes by the absence of yellowish spotting .
He gave chances that were dropped early in both innings , but impressed observers with his ability to remain settled .
 He returned to his pre @-@ war clerical job at the Sydney Town Hall , but soon switched to a job with motor parts distributor Stack & Company , which allowed him more time for cricket commitments .
In contrast to his below par Test series , Morris was in strong form during the first @-@ class season ; he scored three centuries against England in the tour matches and compiled six in all to finish with 1 @,@ 221 runs at 58 @.
Troops with no experience in crowd control were deployed to Dili on 29 April and three deaths resulted .
The work shows that Bach had mastered the composition of a dramatic scene , an expressive aria with obbligato oboe , a recitative with strings , an exuberant dance , and a chorale in the style of his predecessor in the position as Thomaskantor , Johann Kuhnau .
 The second aria , " Mein alles in allem , mein ewiges Gut " ( " My all in all , my eternal good " ) , again with strings , is a dance @-@ like movement in free da capo form , A B A ' .
Tonight , Mulder and Scully stumble onto a plant with a taste for human flesh . "
Charles Spittal of Ottawa was described as " attempting to split Cecil Blachford 's skull " , Alf Smith hit Stuart " across the temple with his stick , laying him out like a corpse " , and Harry Smith cracked his stick across Ernie " Moose " Johnson 's face , breaking Johnson 's nose .
We men are like pigs ' tripes stuffed with mincemeat by a demon butcher to make sausages .
McCay , then in his early forties , claimed he was " the first man in the world to make animated films " , but he was likely familiar with the earlier work of American James Stuart Blackton and the French Émile Cohl .
Chromium was used for electroplating as early as 1848 , but this use only became widespread with the development of an improved process in 1924 .
A smaller shrub with dentate leaves , this turned out to be an immature plant of the same species with juvenile leaves .
penicillata at the site of an old abandoned railway between Newnes and Clarence in the Blue Mountains has been recorded ; a single B. marginata plant was surrounded by plants with intermediate features but more strongly resembling B. conferta subsp.
A field study found that seeds were dispersed short distances ( generally 8 m [ 26 ft ] or less ) , with those closest to the parent plant faring the best .
Jam commented in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine , " We wanted to do an album that would be in every black home in America ... we were going for the black album of all time . "
And not only was Jackson ’ s maiden voyage with producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis at the forefront of R & B , pop and hip @-@ hop ’ s intersection , it birthed a novel sound in the process . "
 Oil system : Dry sump with one pressure pump and two scavenge pumps , pure castor oil
Menéndez approached the Calusa with the intention of establishing relations with them to ease the settlement of the future Spanish colony .
The ship was designed to displace 3 @,@ 950 metric tons ( 3 @,@ 890 long tons ; 4 @,@ 350 short tons ) at a normal loading , and up to 4 @,@ 404 t ( 4 @,@ 334 long tons ; 4 @,@ 855 short tons ) with a combat load .
He struck again an hour later , but the British were more prepared for a second engagement , having positioned three artillery pieces with their rear guard , spraying the colonials with grape shot .
Johnson denounced English supporters of American separatists as " traitors to this country " , and hoped that the matter would be settled without bloodshed , but he felt confident that it would end with " English superiority and American obedience " .
 Langton waited until 11 : 00 pm to tell the others , which led to John Hawkins ' becoming pale and overcome with " an agony of mind " , along with Seward and Hoole describing Johnson 's death as " the most awful sight " .
The collection includes drafts of his Plan for a Dictionary , documents associated with Hester Thrale Piozzi and James Boswell ( including corrected proofs of his Life of Johnson ) and a teapot owned by Johnson .
She entrusts the two with guarding her Princess Plant .
However , when she departs , Finn and Jake party too hard with the plant , killing it .
In maturity , the gills are free from attachment to the stipe , and are packed close together with little intervening spaced between them .
 Lactarius alnicola is an ectomycorrhizal species , and engages in a mutualistic association with certain plant species .
After the song , Carey introduced the band and staff ; to her left was a four @-@ piece string section with Belinda Whitney Barnett , Cecilia Hobbs @-@ Gardner , Wince Garvey and Laura Corcos , while San Shea played the harpsichord and harmonium .
When patients with SU were injected with an irradiated autologous serum , many developed urticaria within the area of injection .
The accident inspired West ; two weeks after being admitted to a hospital , he recorded a song at the Record Plant Studios with his jaw still wired shut .
 Carrying a Louis Vuitton backpack filled with old disks and demos to the studio and back , West crafted his production in less than fifteen minutes at a time .
URB wrote that the album " manages to be both visceral and emotive , sprinkling the dancefloors with tears and sweat . "
 He was enlisted into the plot in September 1605 by Robert Catesby , a religious zealot whose impatience with James 's treatment of English Catholics had grown so severe that he conspired to blow up the House of Lords with gunpowder , killing the king and much of the Protestant hierarchy .
The movement , marked Adagio , begins with a ritornello of strings doubled by oboes .
It gradually became better organized , with a curved area of convection wrapping into the center .
Moving west @-@ northwestward , the system 's center became more consolidated with convective banding becoming wrapped into it .
Soon after it degraded into a tropical depression , and the weakening storm crossed Luzon with scattered thunderstorms .
 At the time of the announcement , Horsford said : " With this adaptation we wanted to stay faithful to the spirit and period of the book , but asked the writer Lizzie to feel free to re @-@ imagine it for a modern audience more familiar with James Bond and Jason Bourne . "
Due to the increasing population and the sudden conversion of adults @-@ only complexes to family oriented , Cunningham Elementary School became overcrowded by 1986 with its enrollment increasing from around 500 in 1985 to more than 900 the next year .
This highway grew significantly over the years , with settlements growing along the highway during the early 19th century .
He resolves to first take photos of the shark , before trying to kill it with a bang stick .
Arsenal 's defenders eventually settled with Crayston and Copping stepping up for their team .
The first half of the match finished at a 0 – 0 draw , with the attacks spread equally between the two teams .
Arsenal 's forwards followed this with a flowing move from James , Hulme and Bastin , with the final move resulting in Bastin heading just wide of the post .
This land @-@ use persists north to the Highway 407 ETR interchange , a multi @-@ level stack interchange with two flyovers .
 ACTC has an active student population , with several organizations and associations spread across three campuses .
1310 – 1352 ) who broke off with the Kingdom of Hungary and refused to accept the king ’ s suzerainty .
He ( or his namesake son ) was at war with the Hungarians and killed in battle sometime between 1270 and 1280 .
The king was only able to escape with his life by exchanging his royal coat of arms with one of his retainers .
On the morning of April 28 , the Quyet Thang Squadron became operational with Luc as the squadron 's commander , when it was transferred to Phan Rang Air Base .
The gold elements framing God the Father and the central compartment with Christ and the thorn are decorated with alternating rubies and pearls , totalling fourteen of each .
 The transition from hunter @-@ foraging to food production with domesticated cereals and other plants seems to have begun in some tropical regions at the beginning of the Holocene .
They were started by a local lawyer , Robert Dover , with the approval of King James .
There was also a maze , known as a Troy Town , constructed from piled up turf with walls about 1 foot ( 0 @.
Five of her older surviving children remained in New England or in England , while she settled with her younger children near an ancient landmark called Split Rock in what later became The Bronx in New York City .
 The Hutchinsons ' stayed temporarily in an abandoned house while a permanent house was being built with the help of James Sands , who had married Katherine Walker , a granddaughter of William Hutchinson 's brother Edward .
In order to pursue her purpose , she agreed with Captain James Sands , then a young man , to build her house , and he took a partner with him in the business ... there came a company of Indians to the frame where he was at work , and made a great shout and sat down .
 Thus the natives gave overt clues that they were displeased with the settlement being formed there .
 The oldest child , Edward , baptised 28 May 1613 , signed the Portsmouth Compact , and settled on Aquidneck Island with his parents , but soon made peace with the Massachusetts authorities , and returned to Boston .
 As with many other colonial American settlers , Anne Hutchinson has numerous descendants , many of whom have reached great prominence .
 Des canyons aux étoiles … ( " From the canyons to the stars ... " ) , solo piano , solo horn , solo glockenspiel , solo xylorimba , small orchestra with 13 string players ( 1971 – 74 )
The game first appeared in its September – October 1989 issue and again in its November 1989 issue ; they noted the new levels , power @-@ ups , and an " explosive story that 's loaded with twists and turns " .
 As Grant moved south against Lee in the Overland Campaign , Maj. Gen. Benjamin Butler launched the surprise Bermuda Hundred Campaign with landings up the James River .
 Lack of money has precluded major improvements , however , and timber companies have replanted much of the logged area with non @-@ native tree species .
The type of foreign vegetation also varies , with plants such as the English Ivy ( Hedera helix ) , Spotted Knapweed ( Centaurea maculosa ) , and the Poison Hemlock ( Conium maculatum ) .
In 2007 , religious writer Tamie Bixler Lung wrote , " There is something wrong when Christian guys and girls want to run around with their underwear hanging out the top of their pants , or their thong strap sticking out the back of their low @-@ rise jeans . "
Pinker attempts to kidnap Trevor , but is confronted by Mulder , who is armed with a shotgun loaded with rubber bullets .
He explained that , " the first time we did it , all we got was a big square hole [ ... ] but we didn 't want it to look like Bugs Bunny with his ears sticking out , either " .
The Chinese also discovered the explosive potential of packing hollowed cannonball shells with gunpowder .
Then Juba made a loud strike with his left foot as the crowd cheered and he got a drink from the bar .
A caricature of Juba shows him with knees bent and legs spread , one leg poised to land hard on the floor ; arms in close .
Heels or toes , on feet or on knees , on the ground or off , it is all the same to Juba ; his limbs move as if they were stuffed with electric wires ...
He also recovered the strategic fortress of Bab al @-@ Abwab from the Khazars who had occupied it by poisoning its water supply , and reorganized it as a military colony ( misr ) , resettling it with 24 @,@ 000 soldiers .
The cap cuticle is made of parallel , bent @-@ over hyphae that are 2 – 6 µm wide , cylindrical , and covered with scattered , warty or finger @-@ like hyaline ( translucent ) thin @-@ walled diverticulae .
The house is still known for its design features and garden with exotic tropical plants .
In the words of GameSpot 's Greg Kasavin : " The very first time you boot up Morrowind , you 'll be treated to a memorable , stirring theme filled with soaring strings and booming percussion .
Bloodmoon is a larger expansion than Tribunal , in terms of area covered and content created ; it expands the game 's main map to include the untamed island of Solstheim located to the northwest of Vvardenfell , a frigid northern tundra sprinkled with forests , and many new varieties of creatures , such as the short but tough rieklings .
In California , David Arora discerned a larger form associated with oak and pine which appears in late autumn and winter , as well as the typical form that is associated with birch plantings and appears in autumn .
 One might also play with orthodox or alternate stickles and a four @-@ bounce ubique / ˈuːbɪkweɪ / , though this tends to be in matches in which the two sides have an equal number of players , all of whom wear toppmeilers .
There , it was to hang alongside seven other paintings with a similar format and subject matter , including Ludwig Refinger 's The Matyrdom of Marcus Curtius , Melchior Feselen 's The Siege of Alesia by Caesar , and the painting of Battle of Cannae by Hans Burgkmair ( 1473 – 1531 ) .
The nest is a cup made with a thin layer of sticks placed in the fork of branch , and is built in a week by both the male and female .
However , it is likely that multiple factors led to its decline and eventual extinction , including competition with wild dogs introduced by European settlers , erosion of its habitat , the concurrent extinction of prey species , and a distemper @-@ like disease that also affected many captive specimens at the time .
The examination revealed that the body had been eviscerated , then the abdominal and thoracic cavities had been packed with a mud @-@ like substance that contained the bark of a pine tree .
The number of animal skins used in wrapping corresponded with the individual ’ s social status , with kings being wrapped with up to 15 skins .
The following year , she settled in the city of Lebanon in Oregon 's Willamette Valley with her son Jamie and boyfriend Ron Duncan , a local meat cutter and bookkeeper .
His first career hit came in his next game two days later – a game @-@ winning walk @-@ off single with the bases loaded and two outs in the ninth inning against the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim .
Although Californication still contains some funk rock songs ( such as " Around the World " , " Get on Top " , " I Like Dirt " , " Purple Stain " and " Right on Time " ) , it leaned towards more melodic riffs ( for example , " Scar Tissue " and " Otherside " ) and focused on songs with implemented structure rather than jams .
David Bowie had shown great interest in working with the band and asked to produce the album ; however , the Chili Peppers chose to remain with Rubin for Californication .
In the interim Integrity was sent north with provisions for the colonial settlement at Norfolk Island , departing on 20 July and returning in early August .
Knoxville said " They loaded me up with a bunch of schwag !
Guybrush pursues LeChuck with the voodoo cutlass .
As Guybrush prepares to cure the pox with La Esponja Grande , he finds Morgan murdered in de Singe 's laboratory .
Indeed , much myco @-@ heterotrophy takes place in the context of common mycorrhizal networks , in which plants use mycorrhizal fungi to exchange carbon and nutrients with other plants .
The great diversity in unrelated plant families with myco @-@ heterotrophic members , as well as the diversity of fungi targeted by myco @-@ heterotrophs , suggests multiple parallel evolution of myco @-@ heterotrophs from mycorrhizal ancestors .
Most of the shower activity associated with the wave moved westward over South America , and then over Panama on June 14 .
 The highway begins to curve north , interchanging with Bridgeport Road .
Speaking about his youth , Rivera said that although he stayed out of trouble , he " was hanging with the wrong people " .
In one of his most infamous moments , he blew a save in the bottom of the ninth inning , in part due to his own throwing error , and he lost the Series later in the inning by allowing Luis Gonzalez 's bloop single with the bases loaded to score the winning run .
In the same game , while batting against fellow closer Francisco Rodríguez , he collected his first career run batted in by walking with the bases loaded .
His selection was unpopular with a parochial Gabba crowd ; when Gil Langley — who had replaced another Queenslander , Don Tallon — fumbled a stumping chance against John Watkins , they cheered loudly .
Johnson cultivated a relaxed manner with the locals ; in one instance at Sabina Park in Jamaica , he stopped to pick up a toddler who had run onto the playing field during the change of innings .
Because his family could not afford a basketball , he learned how to shoot by tossing tennis balls and rags bound with rubber bands into a peach basket behind his family 's home .
After being stuck with an under @-@ performing team the last six years , he now was paired with the young Lew Alcindor , who would years later become the all @-@ time NBA scoring leader as Kareem Abdul @-@ Jabbar .
They were initially armed with a mix of rifled breech @-@ loading and muzzle @-@ loading smoothbore guns , but the Armstrong breech @-@ loading guns proved unreliable and were withdrawn from service after a few years .
Inge believed he was hit by the ball and should advance to first , which would force a go @-@ ahead run to score with the bases loaded , but home plate umpire Randy Marsh ruled the pitch did not hit Inge and allowed the at @-@ bat to continue .
An attractive plant with fine feathery leaves and large red @-@ brown flower spikes , it usually grows as an upright bush around two metres ( 7 ft ) high , but can also occur as a small tree or a low spreading shrub .
Invertebrate visitors include the introduced Apis mellifera ( western honeybee ) , native bees , flies and ants ; bees appear to be effective pollinators , but ants and flies forage only at the base of flowers and do not come in contact with plant pollen .
 A number of protective measures have been implemented , including site access restrictions , the collection and cold @-@ storage of seed , and the treatment of plants with phosphite .
Non @-@ traditional presentations of the BLT combination include " Tomatoes Stuffed with Bacon Risotto " , " Potato Soup with Tomatoes and Bacon " and " Tomato Bread Pudding " .
Sylar , bloodied and hurt from Elle 's attack , injects himself with the supply of Claire 's blood that he took from Mohinder .
 When Johnson returned to Franklin from New Market he was reunited with James , and they founded a private classical school where he taught during the winter of 1865 – 66 .
With help from friends and other educated blind people , he was granted the use of the legislative chamber of the West Virginia House of Delegates to present an exhibition of " music , [ scholarly ] recitation , and class drill " with a delegation including his brother James and blind educator Susan Ridenour .
@ 24 in ) in width , and are located under shallow leaf litter with no mounds or soil deposits present , although guards are regularly seen .
I observed , however , hardly any inclosures , except a good garden plentifully stocked with vegetables , and strawberries , raspberries , currants , & c .
Seeing that they needed the money , Lucy takes her place , and quickly becomes a hit with the crowd .
 The president was faced with the reawakening of labor @-@ management conflicts that had lain dormant during the war years , severe shortages in housing and consumer products , and widespread dissatisfaction with inflation , which at one point hit 6 % in a single month .
The warrior 's right arm is smeared with blood and bound by a white sling .
A year later , with the household settled , Lee took Tarrant up on the offer .
Khurasan retained a privileged position among the Caliphate 's provinces , and Harun al @-@ Rashid in particular was careful to cultivate his ties with the Iranian element of the Caliphate , not least through his promotion of the Khurasani Barmakid family to positions of power .
A journalist from Contactmusic.com regarded it as " smart , sexy and danceable , packed with hooks and undeniably fun . "
The veins and arteries would have been injected with a mixture of turpentine and vermilion , after which the organs would have been removed from the chest and abdomen and placed in water , to clean them and to reduce their bulk .
The body cavities would then have been filled with a mixture of camphor , nitre and resin , before the body was sewn up and all openings filled with camphor .
 " I 'm Sticking with You " - The Velvet Underground
He had the JG 71 aircraft painted with the same spreading black tulip pattern used by Karaya 1 on the Eastern Front .
The whole right half is described as smeared with ashes and as terrible and red @-@ coloured or gold or coral in appearance ; however , these features are rarely depicted .
In contrast to the Shiva half , the Parvati half – smeared with saffron – is described as calm and gentle , parrot @-@ green or dark in colour .
The two boys collect their guns and bombs , pack a duffel bag with weapons , and leave home .
The terrace was probably a residential area with cultivated land associated with the North Group .
With the bases loaded , he delivered a 2 @-@ out , 2 – 2 pitch from the Pirates ' Jesse Chavez into the left field bleachers of Miller Park in the bottom of the 10th inning , winning the game 5 – 1 , and keeping the Brewers ' 2008 postseason hopes alive .
In July 2012 , Braun teamed up with Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers to open a restaurant , 8 @-@ Twelve , in Brookfield , Wisconsin .
In 1633 , he went to live in London as mentor to Paget 's sons , and in 1638 , with James Paget 's help , he qualified as a solicitor .
Like living ruffed lemurs , Pachylemur specialized in eating fruit , and was therefore an important seed disperser , possibly for tree species with seeds too large for even ruffed lemurs to swallow .
 Black @-@ and @-@ white ruffed lemurs can swallow seeds with a diameter up to 30 millimeters ( 1 @.
 Many small trees and shrubs in the spiny thickets , such as endemic Uncarina , conserve water by producing seeds with hooks and spines rather than fleshy fruits .
He showed less concern about the effects his policies had on the monarchy , provided his daughter Isabel with no training for her role as potential empress , and failed to cultivate her acceptance within the country 's political class .
When Vexi Salmi was hired by Fazer in 1970 , Vainio and Salmi started drinking together often and sometimes even came to work with hangovers .
Popular pieces from the album included Aleks ja Jaan ( " Aleks and Jaan " ) , Heiskasen kanssa kun heiluttiin ( " When We Hung Out with Heiskanen " ) and Yksinäinen saarnipuu ( " Lonely Ash Tree " ) .
@ 2 million toward supplying farmers with rice paddy seeds to regrow damaged crops .
 Metro also sells SmarTrip cards that are preloaded with a One @-@ Day rail pass online for the same price as just the pass alone ( $ 14 since July 1 , 2012 ) , including all of the commemorative SmarTrip cards issued since 2009 .
It wasn 't the scientific study of these models but the ability to look through the strings as with a bird cage and to see one form within another which excited me . "
With the help of pumps , floodgates , and retention ponds along the park 's boundary , the Everglades is presently on life support , alive but diminished . "
Species that adapt the most aggressively to conditions in the Everglades , by spreading quickly or competing with native species that are sometimes threatened or endangered , are called " invasive " .
He crouched over the piano as the sweat poured out , with his forelock brushing the keys and his feet pounding . "
 Grint is involved with charity , having donated items such as clothes to charity auctions , as well as participating in the Wacky Rally in 2010 with James and Oliver Phelps , which raised money for Britain ’ s Royal National Lifeboat Institution .
Kilner 's popularity with the crowds peaked in 1925 , when over three days , 71 @,@ 000 people attended his benefit match against Middlesex .
When Kilner 's funeral took place on 10 April , the streets were packed with mourners .
Fleming eventually settled with Rank Organisation , a British company who owned Pinewood Studios .
After arriving in Rio de Janeiro , Moore was immediately whisked off the plane and went straight to hair and make @-@ up work , before re @-@ boarding the plane , to film the sequence with him arriving as James Bond in the film .
 In his review of Moonraker in 1979 , the Chicago Sun @-@ Times film critic Roger Ebert , while clearly expressing his approval of the advanced special effects and Ken Adam 's extravagant production sets , criticised the pace in which the locations of the film evolved , remarking that , " it 's so jammed with faraway places and science fiction special effects that Bond has to move at a trot just to make it into all the scenes " .
The single @-@ centre @-@ door solution that worked excellently before the war became a bottle @-@ neck as the trams became packed with riders .
 After an unsettling encounter with Adam West , a salesman talks Homer into getting a snowplow .
In June 1876 , the convention assembled with James G. Blaine of Maine as the favorite .
John Sherman , the Treasury Secretary , ordered John Jay to investigate the New York Custom House , which was stacked with Conkling 's spoilsmen .
Turkish forces loaded the ancient relics with propellant and projectiles , then fired them at the British ships .
Loaded with an arrow @-@ like bolt that was probably wrapped in leather to allow greater thrusting power , it was set off through a touch hole with a heated wire .
The road runs a short distance to the west of the Norfolk Southern rail line as it continues farmland with some scattered residential and commercial development .
Bach sets the text as an " evocative arioso with a pulsating string accompaniment " .
The video opens showing Brown and his dance crew , The Rej3ctz , riding scooters during the night in the streets , before switching to various scenes of Brown singing and dancing in the backseat of a car and hanging out in a recording studio with several famous friends listening to " Beautiful People " .
There are eighteenth @-@ century battlements to the pele tower , with tall octagonal ashlar stacks .
 During the late 18th and early 19th centuries a ferme ornée was established , with planting of various tress and the damming of streams to form ponds with paths and seating around them .
In his first game , he unsettled and dismissed Bradman with his pace ; in later years Jack Hobbs , who reported on the game , suggested that Bradman was intimidated by Allen , and Jack Fingleton , who played in the team with Bradman , claimed that he refused to face Allen 's bowling .
 Allen did not feel suited to working in a department store , and on his return home took a job with the stockbroking company David Bevan and Co .
Most quests consist of combat missions , but some involve the player interacting with local characters during visits to settlements .
Travel described the environment as dimly lit , with sounds of stringed instruments .
He started to keep a rabbit 's foot in the left upper pocket of his shirt , and would rub it with his left hand while he rolled the dice with his right .
Following the instrumental coda , the song ends with the strings playing a tonically ambiguous cadence , which Everett describes as an unexpected " diminished fourth away from tonic " .
In his overview of the recording , author and critic Tim Riley interprets the " thick scouse " delivery of this introduction to the " final grand cadence " as Harrison " smearing social elitists with their own symbols of ' high ' culture " .
Christ Church in Malacca , Malaysia , the oldest Dutch church building outside the Netherlands , was made of Dutch bricks that had been brought as ballast in ships from the Netherlands , coated with Chinese plaster .
Molds were moistened with water and strewn with sand to enable the shaped brick to be more easily removed .
Often it was the women who did the much heavier labor of moving the dried bricks to the ovens , hauling wheelbarrows with loads of up to 80 kilograms , and stacking and preparing the ovens and tending to the fire ( which burned peat or coal ) .
The walls , which are massive , were made of Dutch bricks that had been brought as ballast in ships from the Netherlands , and they were coated with Chinese plaster .
 At 8 : 00 pm the Japanese sent two Type 95 tanks with bright headlights into the plantation .
The men from the 2 / 10th tried to disable them with sticky bombs , but due to the humid conditions the bombs failed to adhere to the Japanese armour .
By 12 : 45 a.m. ( PST ) , the streets were crowded with people leaving the event .
@ 81 s with Hungary and Great Britain in second and third place .
Triggerplants are considered to be protocarnivorous or carnivorous because the glandular trichomes that cover the scape and flower can trap , kill , and digest small insects with protease enzymes produced by the plant .
 Discovery and description of new Stylidium species has been occurring since the late 18th century , the first of which was discovered in Botany Bay in 1770 by Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander during their travels in the Pacific with James Cook aboard the Endeavour .
That it becomes more normal to be more sexually promiscuous , because they are bombarded with imagery that is loaded with innuendo , and that is seen as normal , even preferred ... if girls and women find their identity and self @-@ worth in the approval of people , they will do whatever it takes to become popular and loved .
The 211th Battery , 53rd ( Worcester Yeomanry ) Airlanding Light Regiment , Royal Artillery then arrived at LZN equipped with eight 75 mm Pack Howitzers and were engaging German targets less than thirty minutes after landing .
She displaced up to 4 @,@ 200 long tons ( 4 @,@ 300 t ) with a combat load .
To perform her character 's Jamaican accent , Sidibe had three dialect coaches help her prepare and practiced with a friend of Jamaican heritage .
 Later on October 14 , the system became much better defined , with increasingly organized shower and thunderstorm activity , as conditions in the upper levels of the atmosphere became significantly more favorable .
Migration is also a population @-@ level phenomenon , as with the migration routes followed by plants as they occupied northern post @-@ glacial environments .
Some mark Haeckel 's definition as the beginning ; others say it was Eugenius Warming with the writing of Oecology of Plants : An Introduction to the Study of Plant Communities ( 1895 ) , or Carl Linnaeus ' principles on the economy of nature that matured in the early 18th century .
In the 1926 World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals , Meusel dropped a key fly ball with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth inning of Game 7 , allowing the Cardinals to tie the game 1 @-@ 1 ; the next batter singled to drive in two more runs .
 The principal photography , carried out in and around Madras ( now Chennai ) , was wrapped in December 1954 with a final reel length of 4 @,@ 964 metres ( 16 @,@ 286 ft ) .
Producer Keiji Inafune revealed in an interview with Dengeki that after a string of PlayStation releases , the team chose to focus their development efforts of the Mega Man franchise for Nintendo consoles with the Battle Network series .
By the time coins were first minted in Aksum , there was widespread trade with Romans on the Red Sea ; Kushana or Persian influence also cannot be ruled out .
The diet depends on seasonal availability with such plants as Acacia , Casuarina and grasses being favoured .
They also tried to prevent them from interfering with farming or invading settlements in search of water during drought .
The diet of many sandgrouse is highly specialised , with the seeds of a small number of plant species being dominant .
The breeding season usually coincides with a crop of seeds after the local rainy season and at this time , the feeding flocks tend to break up into pairs .
 Cram designed the chapel with the assistance of Alexander Hoyle , a member of his firm .
 Charlie later struggles to deal with Ruby 's relationship with Casey Braxton ( Lincoln Younes ) .
She concluded that Charlie 's approach only causes conflict with Ruby because she is so strong @-@ willed .
Charlie and Brax then make plans to move to the city with Casey and Ruby .
He also shared the Pac @-@ 10 Conference Baseball of the Year Award with Dustin Pedroia , and was named the NCAA Regional Most Outstanding Player and Stanford 's Most Valuable Player .
Wal Mart released the album as part of an exclusive 2 @-@ pack with the Meat Loaf Bat Out of Hell Classic Albums DVD .
Hesketh Pearson wrote in 1935 that Grossmith injected himself with drugs ( presumably morphine ) to calm his nerves.
The cheilocystidia ( cystidia on the gill edge ) , which are scattered and interspersed with basidia , are roughly cylindric to fusoid ( spindle @-@ shaped ) , smooth , hyaline ( translucent ) , and measure 45 – 65 by 2 – 5 @.
The instructions are given in a few paragraphs : " Let the sirloin be well hung ; dust it lightly with dry mustard , pepper and brown flour to give a crisp crust ; bed the fat end well under the lean undercut , and secure in place with string or carefully placed skewer .
 The Sunday Times , reviewing the seventh edition of the book , wrote " For food scholarship at its best see Dorothy Hartley 's robust , idiosyncratic , irresistible Food in England ... As packed with diverse and fascinating information as a Scotch bun with fruit , this untidy bundle of erudition is held together by the writer 's huge enjoyment of her subject , her immense curiosity about everything to do with the growth , preparation , preservation and eating of food in this country since the Middle Ages . "
 On 17 August 2015 , based on studies with the Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer ( LADEE ) spacecraft , NASA scientists reported the detection of neon in the exosphere of the moon .
He later said he wanted his character to be " likable , sympathetic even " , because he wanted the audience " to understand why they would hang out with me .
Paula Nechak called the film a " bold cautionary tale " ; she regarded the film as a negative , dismal depiction of Midwestern America , writing that " [ Peirce 's film has ] captured the mystique and eerie loneliness " and " isolation of the Midwest , with its dusty desolation and nowhere @-@ to @-@ go frustration that propels people to violence and despair " .
 The first President , George Washington , warned his countrymen to observe good faith and justice towards all nations , to cultivate peace and harmony with all , excluding both " inveterate antipathies against particular nations , and passionate attachments for others " , and " to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion of the foreign world . "
, who is tasked with growing a plant that will oxygenate its home planet .
They were thickly strewn with dead — in the north @-@ west angle thirteen were lying in one group around a gun .
The curve @-@ billed is heavier and is more likely to inhabit suburban regions ; Bendires ' are likely to avoid dense vegetation such as mesquite and prefers open grassland with scattered yucca or around hedgegrows in agricultural areas .
Through Hojo 's log books , Sephiroth comes to learn of his past , in which he was injected with Jenova 's cells .
 The accuracy of the Egyptian artillery strikes alerted the Israelis , who attacked the strong point at the pumping station with armor and seized it .
In the 1880s , Charles Nevill remodelled the grounds in the Romantic Victorian taste , altering the course of the Ladybrook , adding considerably to the trees in the park and creating artificial ponds The ponds were stocked with trout ( though they are no longer fished ) , .
Carell improvised with several different accents on the set , with the producers settling on the one that sounded most like the character from the film , although he used his regular accent when answering the final question in the skit .
 The tropical banksia is generally a small tree which grows to around 4 m ( 13 ft ) or sometimes 7 m ( 23 ft ) tall , with a rough stocky trunk , spreading crown , and crooked branches .
The Forksville bridge is a Burr arch truss type , with a load @-@ bearing arch sandwiching multiple vertical king posts , for strength and rigidity .
On the anclabris stands a small statue of Hermes , next to which hangs a mask with pipes .
The rebs had gone at three , along a road strewn with all the munitions of war .
Jazz musician Larry Carlton performed the traditional pre @-@ game playing of the national anthem , but his rendition of the Star @-@ Spangled Banner did not meet with the crowd 's approval , and he was booed .
Williams co @-@ starred with James Franco in Walt Disney Pictures 's Oz the Great and Powerful , a 3 @-@ D prequel released March 8 , 2013 .
An Albacore spotted the leading Italian ships the next morning ; a strike force of six Albacores was loaded with torpedoes and began to attack the Italian battleship Vittorio Veneto .
The dockyard there fitted her with more permanent accommodations in the hangar for more trooping duties and she loaded 480 personnel before departing for Sydney on 2 March .
This also served as the location for frequent jam sessions with various invited musicians .
Typically , his solos consisted of extraordinarily long , angular strings of almost even quavers provided with subtle rhythmic deviations and abrasive polytonal effects .
Ind also believed that Tristano 's reputation became less than was deserved – " He stuck with his convictions and would not commercialize .
For rapid charging , the battery pack is additionally cooled with refrigerated air from the cars air conditioning system .
According to Mitsubishi , the problem with the i @-@ MiEV battery pack is related with a change in the GS Yuasa manufacturing process , and the carmaker notified fleet @-@ vehicle operators with i @-@ MiEVs whose batteries were made under the same process as those that overheated , and is working on a possible fix .
When compiled with a compiler that does not support tail call elimination , the recursive version takes space proportional to the number of iterations as extra stack space is required to store the variables .
, Team 3D attacked and injured MCMG in the storyline by beating their hands with kendo sticks , which made it hard to compete in an Ultimate X match in storyline .
The drummer set fire to his cymbals ; the lead guitarist " played " his char with the strings faced towards his body ; and Beck changed the words to " Loser " so that nobody could sing along . "
He was constantly recording , and eventually put together an album of somber , orchestrated folk tunes ; one that , perhaps , " could have been a commercial blockbuster along with similarly themed work by Smashing Pumpkins , Nine Inch Nails and Nirvana " .
Feeling as though it might take him a while to " get back to that [ songwriting ] territory " , he entered the studio with Dust Brothers to complete a project that dated back to Odelay .
The collaboration with the Dust Brothers , his second , was notable for their use of high @-@ tech measures to achieve a lo @-@ fi sound .
For the release , Beck was allowed for the first time to fulfill a long @-@ running wish for an unconventional rollout : he made low @-@ budget videos to accompany each song , packaged the CD with sheets of stickers so buyers could customize the cover , and leaked tracks and videos on his website months ahead of the album 's release .
The foghorn was changed to an electric model , with a directional 500 Hz emitter stack that was installed on the gallery of the lantern room .
In their second visit in 1881 the SWP described Bani Na 'im as well @-@ cultivated with abundant flocks that grazed in desert areas east of the town .
Due to the steep terrain , which was covered with thick jungle and punctuated with numerous waterways , the Australians could only establish a small frontage , with one battalion forward on the trail , with its constituent companies spread singly in a line across the razorback ridge line .
It evolved from a concept D 'wayne Wiggins came up with after driving past an Oakland hangout for prostitutes and recognized that one of them was an old friend .
Major A roads link Royton with other settlements , including the A671 road .
The iiii hath the image of Christ hanging and fastened with iiii nayles and [ a support beneath the feet ] .
The Queen allowed the ceremony to take place at Windsor Castle , albeit in the Private Chapel rather than the grander St George 's Chapel , and relieved her black mourning dress with a white mourning cap which draped over her back .
Although these semiclassical models contributed to the development of quantum mechanics , many further experiments beginning with the phenomenon of Compton scattering of single photons by electrons , validated Einstein 's hypothesis that light itself is quantized .
Light of different frequencies may travel through matter at different speeds ; this is called dispersion ( not to be confused with scattering ) .
 A scene in There 's No Time Like the Present where Valerian escapes by falling into a laundry washing vat , exits through a portal at the bottom of the vat , and falls out of a hole at the bottom of the space station hanging from a sheet with The Empire Strikes Back where the character Luke Skywalker escapes Darth Vader by falling down a chasm , goes through a vent , and falls out of Cloud City hanging from an antenna .
 In 2010 , the city population was spread out with 17 @.
The Byzantine attack began with a concentrated shower of arrows against the Muslims .
This simulated the required load agreed with the Ministry of Transport .
The LSWR required such a locomotive , which would need to cope with increasing train loads on this long and arduous route to the West Country .
The rebuilds retained their distinctive Drummond " watercart " tenders , which were modified with the removal of the complex injector feedwater heating equipment .
With no strings or other added instrumentation beyond that which was played in the studio at the time , it was closer to the Beatles 's original intention than the 1970 version .
All three were equipped with gas chambers disguised as shower rooms , for the " processing " of entire transports of people .
Rudolf Höss , the commandant at Auschwitz , contrasted the practice at Treblinka of deceiving the victims about the showers with his own camp 's practice of telling them they had to go through a " delousing " process .
Solid wooden doors were insulated with rubber and bolted from the outside by heavy cross @-@ bars .
The bodies were placed on rails over wood , splashed with petrol , and burned .
When the Soviets entered Treblinka on 16 August , the extermination zone had been levelled , ploughed over , and planted with lupins .
With the current usage patterns , the entire system is overstretched , and during weekdays overcrowded and with insufficient services .
The network began with uniform rolling stock , with the Anglo @-@ Argentine Tramways Company Anglo @-@ Argentine Line A using La Brugeoise cars ( with the exception of a few UEC Preston cars ) , the three CHADOPyF lines ( C , D and E ) using Siemens @-@ Schuckert Orenstein & Koppel stock and Lacroze 's Line B using Metro Cammell cars .
 In more recent years , there have been moves towards greater modernisation and standardisation , with large purchases of new rolling stock from companies like Alstom and China CNR Corporation , as well as smaller orders of second hand rolling stock , which the government of the City of Buenos Aires claims are temporary measures while those lines are modernised to be able to incorporate more modern rolling stock .
On the other hand , Line B has traditionally been the most troublesome of the network given its different voltage and the fact that that it uses third rail electrification as opposed to the overhead lines used on the rest of the network , making it in effect a separate entity not capable of sharing its stock with other lines .
Presently this line uses 1960 's rolling stock acquired from Tokyo 's Eidan Marunouchi Line , along with CAF 5000 and CAF 6000 stock acquired from Madrid which are to replace the aging Eidan stock .
The line , along with its remaining third rail stock , is being converted to overhead lines at 1500v , after which the entire network will be standardised .
Vegetation is mainly low woodland forests of sheoak and banksia , with scattered jarrah .
 In March 2006 , McCool was sent to another developmental territory , Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) , for a gimmick tryout with Amish Roadkill and Kasey James , also continued her training .
 McCool then allied with Layla to form LayCool , and the duo entered a controversial feud with Mickie James , in which LayCool bullied James and made fun of her weight .
 A fight scene between Poehler 's and Posey 's characters among piles of garbage was performed with stuntwomen during temperatures of more than 100 degrees .
 Janet Jackson collaborated with former Prince associates Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis on her third studio album Control ( 1986 ) ; the album 's second single " Nasty " has been described as the origin of the new jack swing sound , a genre innovated by Teddy Riley .
Jamaican immigrant DJ Kool Herc is widely regarded as the progenitor of hip hop ; he brought with him from Jamaica the practice of toasting over the rhythms of popular songs .
After raising six tons of emergency aid and $ 1 @,@ 000 from area residents , a C @-@ 130 airplane was loaded with the provisions , but the plane was continuously grounded due to calls saying that Albany , Texas was not a disaster area and did not need the relief .
The fungus is grown on agricultural wastes — bamboo @-@ trash sawdust covered with a thin layer of non @-@ sterilised soil .
One of the most common is irritation at the injection site for glatiramer acetate and the interferons ( up to 90 % with subcutaneous injections and 33 % with intramuscular injections ) .
It was found that the 18th @-@ century foundations , consisting of wooden platforms sunk into the river bed , had largely rotted away , and they were reinforced with steel pilings and concrete foundations .
At 6 minutes and 8 seconds , Young gained the pinfall victory for his team on James , after Roode hit James with a hockey stick while the referee was preoccupied .
 Although the San Juan watershed was formerly rich in biodiversity , with sixteen major plant communities and hundreds of species of birds , invertebrates , mammals , and others , the watershed is projected to be 48 percent developed by the year 2050 .
Within days of the start of the war , Cyane captured two French transports destined for the Caribbean , and later served in the West Indies , on one occasion exchanging fire with two large French frigates off Martinique .
Maxwell 's decisive leadership was essential in the rapid movement of troops by water to prevent the Dutch preparing fresh defensive positions ; the colony surrendered after the British reached Paramaribo , giving up 2 @,@ 000 prisoners , several ships , large quantities of supplies and the colony itself , with its valuable plantations .
Witnesses said that the fire started with construction materials and spread throughout the building .
The displays are similar to those of the common wood pigeon ; the male climbs quickly in flight , gives a loud wing @-@ clap , and then glides down with his wings and tail spread .
Bow Down " , produced by Hit @-@ Boy , was written after Beyoncé woke up one morning with a chant stuck in her head , feeling angry and defensive , while the Timbaland @-@ produced second half , " I Been On " , uses a pitch @-@ distortion vocal as a homage to the Houston hip hop scene .
US ambassador Frederick Nolting determined that the attack had been the result of " two isolated cases " and opined that the incident did not represent widespread dissatisfaction with the regime .
It falls as showers with rapidly changing intensity .
@ 0098 in ) resolution , while metal gauges require use of a stick designed with the appropriate 0 @.
A great @-@ grandson of the 4th Earl of Northumberland , Percy was reported to have had a " wild youth " before he became a Catholic , and during Elizabeth 's final years had been entrusted by the 9th Earl with a secret mission to James 's court in Scotland , to plead with the king on behalf of England 's Catholics .
In an extraordinary act of bravado Catesby had planned to go hunting with James , but was warned of the betrayal by Monteagle 's servant .
 Olga experienced her first brush with violence at age fifteen , when she witnessed the assassination of the government minister Pyotr Stolypin during a performance at the Kiev Opera House . "
R. Serge Denisoff and William D. Romanowski , authors of Risky business : rock in film , felt that the song seemed " jammed into the movie with a plunger and little thought to appropriateness . "
The British officers , with their now widely scattered troops , waited until darkness and having determined their situation to be untenable , withdrew down the mountain and marched back to British East Africa having accomplished nothing .
The Maleys drafted their concept as a composite of their favourite science @-@ fiction ideas and an opportunity to exhibit their best effects work , although the suggested title , Doomseeds , had to be changed to avoid confusion with the 1977 film Demon Seed .
Commenting further , he examines the rape sequence itself , in which Sandy witnesses Karl injecting her with an unknown substance prior to the alien insemination , and makes a connection to dialogue from other scenes indicating that the female Xeno scientists are regularly administered intravenous injections for contraceptive purposes .
Erica Futterman of Rolling Stone was " pleasantly surprised " , as she had anticipated a decline in quality from the previous episode , and Kevin Fallon of The Atlantic commented that apart from the Bieber jokes , " the rest of the episode was sharply written and loaded with self @-@ referential jokes " .
The spring is now housed in 18th @-@ century buildings designed by architects John Wood , the Elder and John Wood , the Younger ; visitor access is via an 1897 concert hall by J M Brydon , which is an eastward continuation of the Grand Pump Room with a glass @-@ domed centre and single @-@ storey radiused corner .
 The early 18th century saw Bath acquire its first purpose @-@ built theatre , the Theatre Royal , along with the Grand Pump Room attached to the Roman Baths and assembly rooms .
They may also be found growing under bracken or Japanese knotweed , perennial plants which also form stands with a dense summer canopy .
Alexis Petridis of The Guardian wrote that while " you could never describe Hail to the Thief as a bad record " , it was " neither startlingly different and fresh nor packed with the sort of anthemic songs that once made [ Radiohead ] the world 's biggest band . "
4 in her " Top 10 Episodes of SpongeBob SquarePants " and said , " Most of the gags in ' Band Geeks ' center around Squidward 's bleak existence , but it 's also stuffed with one @-@ liners from and about each of the characters on the show , such as the line ' These claws ain 't just for attractin ' mates ! '
 From the time that European settlers first arrived in South Africa in 1652 , the country was divided on racial lines , in common with similar settlements .
 With the selection of pace bowler James Anderson for the Third Test , Collingwood was dropped .
The village ruffian Parattaiyan , alias Parattai ( Rajinikanth ) — who lusts for Mayil — spreads rumours about her relationship with Sathyajith .
 The axis of the pyramid complex may be associated with a series of monuments strung out along a kilometer of desert .
 The second floor , reserved as the chamber for the Senate , was more ornate and adorned with heavy red drapes .
The salt marshes contains glassworts and common cord grass in the most exposed regions , with a succession of plants following on as the marsh becomes more established : first sea aster , then mainly sea lavender , with sea purslane in the creeks and smaller areas of sea plantain and other common marsh plants .
After a month of rebuilding the ways , Constitution finally slipped into Boston Harbor on 21 October 1797 , with Captain James Sever breaking a bottle of Madeira wine on her bowsprit .
Constitution entered dry dock with a crowd of 10 @,@ 000 observers on 16 June 1927 .
The ceremony concluded with the crowd giving three cheers for the president followed by the band playing music .
She got her way , and in May 1919 Wendell Willkie successfully applied for a job with the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company in Akron , Ohio as head of the legal office that advised workers on wills and other personal matters .
However , when a drunk Homer fires up the crowd with an impromptu dance to the tune of " Baby Elephant Walk " , the Isotopes win the game .
 Jennie Punter of The Globe and Mail praised the film , stating " Van Dormael holds this fractured fairy tale together by giving it an emotional core and delivers two hours of time travel with a playful spirit and at a mostly hyperkinetic pace , sprinkling it with amusing side journeys and sometimes letting a scene unfold at a more natural tempo . "
The mallets , called balu , are wrapped tightly with strips of rubber at one end and are considered lighter and smaller than those balu used for the agung .
Specific research to determine what diet techniques would be most beneficial for those with an increased hedonic hunger would help people modify their immediate availability of food or its palatability .
Although hurricane @-@ force winds were initially predicted , Carol only brushed the island with high waves and gale force winds .
Harvey managed only 16 before being run out while batting with Bill Brown as Australia piled on 4 / 414 declared and defeated Cambridge University by an innings in the following match .
Yardley responded by stacking the on side with outfielders and bowling outside leg stump , challenging Miller to another hit for six .
There were continuities with pre @-@ Reformation materials , with some churches using rubble , as at Kemback in Fife ( 1582 ) .
A major employer , Keith & Blackman , closed in 1985 and Giddings and Lewis @-@ Fraser wound down its operations at about the same time , with the entire plant eventually demolished to make way for a Safeway ( now Morrisons ) supermarket .
conditions were with light rain showers and temperature of 75 ° F ( 24 ° C ) .
In the early part of the 20th century , the Madras government established the Pumping and Boring Department to drill boreholes with electric pumps .
More often it would use its powerful legs to propel it in long leaps and bounds through the canopy or across the forest floor , or it would cling vertically to tree trunks with its tail spread for balance .
For plants with fruit greater than 1 cm in diameter , kereru are the sole remaining dispersers in the ecosystem , and they are rare or extinct in some areas .
Nests were constructed in varying places : in dead trees , the crooks of large branches , tree hollows , on branches , or " on or near the ground " , and some nests were covered with hanging vegetation or vines .
Island sanctuaries were set up for endangered native birds after this act , but the new bird sanctuaries , including Kapiti Island , Little Barrier Island and Resolution Island , were never stocked with huia .
She continued with this work after marrying James and giving birth to her two daughters .
The match was promoted heading into the event with a video package highlighting the strengths of Styles ' in @-@ ring ability against Jarrett 's history as champion on the May 13 episode of Impact !
James as Page 's partner , however prior to the contest it was announced during an interview with Page that James was having travel issues and Killings offered to be his replacement , which Page accepted .
The Boogeyman was behind Bischoff , however , and he hit Bischoff with a pumphandle slam on Bischoff .
Joe and his brothers often hung around the arena with their father , taking old sticks to play with .
The team finished 12 – 4 and were second seed in the playoffs with a first round bye .
Online reviewer James Berardinelli considered the script " little more than a clothesline from which to dangle all of the obligatory set pieces " , and USA Today 's Claudia Puig found On Stranger Tides " familiar and predictable , ... often incoherent and crammed with pointless details . "
He attempted to forestall French @-@ orchestrated Indian hostilities by meeting with Indians at Casco Bay in June 1703 , but the French had already begun rallying the Indians to their cause , and the war began with raids on the settlements of southern Maine in August 1703 .
@ 6 seconds left in the game , McSorley struck Brashear with a two @-@ handed slash to the temple with his stick ; Brashear collapsed , and his helmet fell off upon impact .
However , Pete ultimately finds a release by hanging out with homeless people and is able to tolerate Kenneth 's jabbering .
On June 24 General Henry Dodge and Captain James H. Gentry arrived at Fort Blue Mounds with part of Gentry 's company .
Uncle Dick has a wooden arm ; in the final Comic Relief ( 2001 ) episode , it transpires that a nurse had mistakenly placed a drip in the false arm for 18 hours after a trip to hospital after trying to remove a kidney stone with a wire coat hanger .
 With plants : Fungi have a cell wall and vacuoles .
 In common with some plant and animal species , more than 70 fungal species display bioluminescence .
 Although commonly included in botany curricula and textbooks , fungi are more closely related to animals than to plants and are placed with the animals in the monophyletic group of opisthokonts .
 = = = = With plants = = = =
 Mycorrhizal symbiosis between plants and fungi is one of the most well @-@ known plant – fungus associations and is of significant importance for plant growth and persistence in many ecosystems ; over 90 % of all plant species engage in mycorrhizal relationships with fungi and are dependent upon this relationship for survival .
Likewise , females of several wood wasp species ( genus Sirex ) inject their eggs together with spores of the wood @-@ rotting fungus Amylostereum areolatum into the sapwood of pine trees ; the growth of the fungus provides ideal nutritional conditions for the development of the wasp larvae .
 Hester was in a relationship with Tamara James , a women 's basketball player he met at the University of Miami .
He saw Frankish infantrymen with from one to ten arrows sticking from their armoured backs marching along with no apparent hurt , whilst the crossbows struck down both horse and man amongst the Muslims .
It officially released in North America on August 14 , but problems with stock caused Amazon and GameStop to put orders on hold and push their release dates forward .
As of 2008 , the Movement for Democratic Change has become the most popular , with crowds as large as 20 @,@ 000 attending their rallies as compared to between 500 – 5 @,@ 000 for the other formation .
The Hills were formed over 2 @,@ 000 million years ago with granite being forced to the surface , then being eroded to produce smooth " whaleback dwalas " and broken kopjes , strewn with boulders and interspersed with thickets of vegetation .
While ABC News writer , Steve Jones , described how " Bye Bye " packed the bum with " an emotional wallop " , The Washington Post 's Freedom De Luc compared it heavily to " Don 't Forget About Us " , Carey 's 2005 single .
They discover that he is having a tea party with his stuffed animals in his backyard .
 The players were presented with medals and windbreakers by officials of the Canadiens and the Maple Leafs , and the fans cheered each player as they were introduced , even those who were previously unpopular with the Toronto crowd .
Additionally , some critics , such as Alex von Tunzelmann of The Guardian , have criticized Mulan for her violence , writing , " Disney struggles to make Mulan both a killer and a heroine ... Gingerly , the film attempts to tread a middle path , implying that Mulan annihilates most of the Hun army by causing an avalanche , and having her dispatch Shan Yu with a load of fireworks .
@ 6 ft ) high Kunai grass trapped the heat and humidity and the men were heavily loaded with ammunition .
He collected the wounded and flew them to Nadzab , and returned an hour later with a load of rations and ammunition .
The Su @-@ 9 was designed with a very high wing loading which increased the aircraft 's speed and reduced its dimensions .
In early 2006 , College officials denied Keggy entrance to a sold @-@ out hockey game ( officials cited fire code concerns with the capacity crowd ) , prompting a Jack @-@ O @-@ Lantern @-@ penned editorial in The Dartmouth condemning the incident ; the Jack @-@ O @-@ Lantern website alleged " anti @-@ keg racism . "
People don ’ t know that he had a lot to do with that stuff .
Rumors had surfaced that , while in New York , Our Lady peace had dropped Lanni as producer to work with The Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan .
When you 're making a record , you kind of go into hiding , especially when I 'm writing lyrics or writing music ; I tend not to keep in touch with any friends or family or stuff .
noted that the album was packed with crisp , clean songwriting , odd searing post @-@ grunge riffs and Raine Maida 's nasal croon .
The band wrapped up the tour with a performance at Music Without Borders at Toronto 's Air Canada Centre on October 21 , 2001 .
The light horsemen " loaded their horses with three days ' food , rations an extra water bottle slung on the saddle , and extra bandolier around the horse 's neck ... the 4 kilograms weight of .303 rifle ... [ in ] its bucket close behind the right hand . "
It is strewn with broken lorries , wagons , dead Turks , horses and oxen ; mostly killed and smashed by our bombing aeroplanes .
 Lynd visits Bond every day as he recuperates in hospital , and he gradually realises that he loves her ; he even contemplates leaving the Secret Service to settle down with her .
It was packaged in a linen @-@ wrapped folio and a booklet with liner notes written by music journalist Alan Light and Elliot Scheiner , one of the album 's original engineers .
These cells are small , and appear dark when loaded with parathyroid hormone , and clear when the hormone has been secreted , or in their resting state .
With Samuel Ruben , he also discovered the isotope beryllium @-@ 10 in 1940 .
Seeing her costumes as an important part in creating the role of Romana , Ward clashed with costume designer Doreen James , rejecting the silver catsuit James had designed for her for the story .
In 1765 the first breakwater was constructed , and in 1788 the first staith with an elevated loading point was erected .
Blyth MBC lasted until 1974 , when it was amalgamated with Seaton Valley and Cramlington Urban District Councils , as well as part of Whitley Bay Urban District Council , to form Blyth Valley Borough Council .
The reviewer for Time Out summed up Never Say Never Again saying " The action 's good , the photography excellent , the sets decent ; but the real clincher is the fact that Bond is once more played by a man with the right stuff . "
The storm brushed the Indian coast with rainfall , reaching 105 mm ( 4 @.
Heavily loaded with survivors from their victims , the raiders departed for Emirau Island where they unloaded their prisoners .
It was great to be together again " , and Beckham , who noted " What 's really wonderful is just being able to hang out with the girls again like this " .
Together with James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann , he created statistical mechanics ( a term that he coined ) , explaining the laws of thermodynamics as consequences of the statistical properties of ensembles of the possible states of a physical system composed of many particles .
 Together with James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann , Gibbs founded " statistical mechanics " , a term that he coined to identify the branch of theoretical physics that accounts for the observed thermodynamic properties of systems in terms of the statistics of ensembles of all possible physical states of a system composed of many particles .
Settling into a family life with Nadya 's mother Elizaveta Vasilyevna , in Shushenskoye the couple translated English socialist literature into Russian .
 In August 1910 , Lenin attended the 8th Congress of the Second International – an international meeting of socialists – in Copenhagen as the RSDLP 's representative , following this with a holiday in Stockholm with his mother .
It was also the first time that Babyface had worked with live strings , per Madonna 's suggestion .
The song was backed by a full orchestra and was also the first time that Babyface had worked with live strings .
It begins with sounds of oriental pentatonic strings , giving the impression of Chinese or Japanese opera .
According to Petermann 's maps his intended landfall , the Lena Delta , was studded with settlements that would provide them with shelter and safety .
Sirius may instead be a member of the proposed Sirius Supercluster , along with other scattered stars such as Beta Aurigae , Alpha Coronae Borealis , Beta Crateris , Beta Eridani and Beta Serpentis .
 In 1741 and 1742 , a total of £ 423 17s 4d was spent on the hall , which included the cost of covering the oak @-@ beamed roof with plaster and making rooms in the original roof space .
The college archivist , Brigid Allen , has described it as " a kind of gated tunnel between high buildings , paved , scattered with seats and tables , and filled with gloomy foliage of the purple @-@ leaved plum " .
Along with legislation for land @-@ grant colleges and for the transcontinental railroad , the Homestead Bill has been credited with opening the American West to settlement .
He was buried with his body wrapped in an American flag and a copy of the U.S. Constitution placed under his head , according to his wishes .
The station in the Rif mountains was built in 2000 , and stocked with the first group of zoo @-@ bred birds .
Marseille had been captured , but the harbor entrance was blocked with 75 sunken ships ; the harbor basin had been sown with naval mines ; the quays , jetties and cranes had been demolished ; and the surrounding area had been mined and booby trapped .
 Following the report , the CLR purchased 64 driving motor carriages for use with the existing stock ; together , these were formed into six- or seven @-@ carriage trains .
To operate with the new stock the CLR converted 48 existing carriages , providing a total of 72 carriages for twelve six @-@ car trains .
As usual he was well liked , and according to Lawrence Durrell often had a string of disreputable friends with him .
The following season on June 23 , 1997 , he came in with the bases loaded in the ninth inning and struck out J. T. Snow to save the 11 – 6 win over the San Francisco Giants and became the Padres ' career saves leader with 109 , passing Hall of Famer Rollie Fingers .
Hoffman entered Game 3 with the bases loaded and two out in the eighth , and he struck out Javy López on three pitches to end the inning and would save the Padres ' 4 – 1 victory .
As the Padres celebrated on the mound with Hoffman , the Pirates remained in the dugout watching in respectful salute . "
Relations had been good with the Serbs and Hungarians since 1129 , so the Serb rebellion came as a shock .
In 1167 , Manuel sent 15 @,@ 000 men under the command of Andronikos Kontostephanos against the Hungarians , scoring a decisive victory at the Battle of Sirmium and enabling the Empire to conclude a very advantageous peace with the Hungarian Kingdom by which Syrmia , Bosnia , and Dalmatia were ceded .
Italy , as an Entente ally , had made some post @-@ war territorial gains ; however , Italian nationalists were angered that the promises made by Britain and France to secure Italian entrance into the war were not fulfilled with the peace settlement .
Featuring a rap verse by Canadian rapper Drake , the song was written and produced by Timberlake , Timothy " Timbaland " Mosley , Jerome " J @-@ Roc " Harmon and Daniel Jones , with additional writing from James Fauntleroy and Drake . "
The maze was replanted with yew trees as part of the 2005 regeneration project to the original plans laid by Wailes .
 Polyozellus multiplex is an ectomycorrhizal species , meaning that the hyphae of the fungus grow in a mutualistic association with the roots of plants , but the fungal hyphae generally do not penetrate the cells of the plant 's roots .
 During his time in Congress , Ryan went to Newfoundland with James Jeffords to investigate the inhumane killing of seals , and he was famous for vocal criticism of the lack of Congressional oversight of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , authoring the Hughes – Ryan Amendment , which would have required extensive CIA notification of Congress about planned covert operations .
 The album 's fourth track , " Don 't Stop " , is characterized by a pulsating bass overlaid with strings punctuating and accompanying the riffs in sustained and glissandi gestures .
Slabaugh , noting that the coin caused some controversy after it was issued , suggested that if the obverse had shown someone connected with the settlement of New Netherland , " chances are that the coin would have borne no religious significance and its promotion by the Churches of Christ in America would have been given little notice " .
Presented by Matthew Wright , the show featured a panel of guests made up of Conservative MP Edwina Currie , reality television star Katie Hopkins , former London Mayor Ken Livingstone , broadcaster Terry Christian , former model Annabel Giles , and two people associated with James Turner Street — charity campaigner Rev.
The Spaniards held their ground , exchanging volleys with the French , and eventually repelled Girard 's first attack .
According to Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone , " Eminem kicks ' Fast Lane ' 1999 @-@ style , reconnecting with the hungry young lunatic who sounded like he only had a stanza to blow us away or it was back to the auto plant . "
The ship was designed to displace 5 @,@ 767 metric tons ( 5 @,@ 676 long tons ; 6 @,@ 357 short tons ) at a normal loading , and up to 6 @,@ 760 t ( 6 @,@ 650 long tons ; 7 @,@ 450 short tons ) with a combat load .
@ 6 m3 ) , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so she could carry perishable products from the West to the East Coast , such as Pacific Northwest salmon or fresh produce from Southern California farms .
 Washingtonian sailed from Los Angeles in early October with a load of California products — including canned and dried fruits , beans , and wine — for New York and Boston .
These studies led to initial requirements for the CX @-@ Heavy Logistics System ( CX @-@ HLS ) in March 1964 for an aircraft with a load capacity of 180 @,@ 000 pounds ( 81 @,@ 600 kg ) and a speed of Mach 0 @.
Range with a full passenger load started at over 5 @,@ 000 nmi ( 9 @,@ 300 km ) and increased to 6 @,@ 000 nmi ( 11 @,@ 000 km ) with later engines .
 On 1 June 2008 , Jones suffered a knee ligament injury in a collision with goalkeeper David James in the seventh minute of Trinidad & Tobago 's 3 – 0 defeat against England .
They later settled in a north London neighborhood with other African families , where Zakuani attended White Hart Lane School .
 As a teenager in London , Zakuani began " mixing with the wrong crowd " .
In Brazil , after a brief stay in the City Palace , Pedro settled with his younger brother Miguel and their father in the Palace of São Cristóvão ( Saint Christopher ) .
He made good academic progress , but after he had settled a quarrel with another pupil by an organised fist @-@ fight , his father removed him from the school .
The VHS was reissued in April 2003 , though this time , part of a three @-@ tape pack with Batman & Mr.
In a level featuring a psychiatric interview with Dr. Harleen Quinzel , Joker is playable as the Red Hood , walking through the chemical plant that will end with him becoming the Joker , as well as earlier beating up several patrons at a Comedy Club due to very poor reception towards a joke he made .
There he dispensed with the traditional arrangement of completely separate library spaces for books and readers , usually with book stacks on the periphery of the library and reading rooms toward the center .
Each carrel area is associated with two levels of book stacks , with the upper level structured as a mezzanine that overlooks the carrels .
Sales of the first downloadable content pack have also exceeded 360 thousand , with the second pack selling over 90 thousand units .
 Although the network had concerns that the script was too depressing , Moore successfully defended the writing by saying that it might be the last episode of the series and that viewers who had stuck with the show for three and a half seasons would not be put off by yet another " dark " episode .
It is stocked with fish .
A Chinese study showed that C. craniifromis would readily form mycorrhiza with poplar seedlings on unsterilized , but not on sterilized soil .
Randy Savage also settled his feud with Crush by defeating him in a Falls Count Anywhere match .
 Houston was granted incorporation on June 5 , 1837 , with James S. Holman becoming its first mayor .
Historical documents show that Olaus Petri , who commissioned the painting , combined biblical quotations related to the Apocalypse with the painting hanging in the church .
 In Albrecht Altdorfer 's The Battle of Alexander at Issus , one of the most famous paintings produced by the Danube School , a composition similar to Vädersolstavlan renders the battle scene in a detailed landscape under a sky crowded with celestial symbols and messages .
 Notwithstanding the excellent state of the wooden panel prior to its 1998 restoration , the painting was unevenly covered with layers of dust and yellowed varnish .
Great stuff with a delightful ending that is so witty and obvious , that it 's annoying you never imagined they 'd get away with it . "
 Hygrophorus bakerensis is an ectomycorrhizal species , and forms a mutualistic relationship with compatible host plant by forming a sheath around their root tips .
As the race goes on , their times compiled and the person with the lowest time is the leader of the intergiro classification and wears the blue jersey .
The young musicians play a variety of instruments , including a full string ensemble with each section led by a member of the professional string quintet .
She recalled that " by great good fortune I had once had to teach Women 's Institute percussion groups during a wartime ' social half hour ' , so I was able to take him into my kitchen and show him how a row of china mugs hanging on a length of string could be hit with a large wooden spoon .
As Noye leaves , the full orchestra provides a final fortissimo salute , the opera then concluding peacefully with B flat chimes of handbells alternating with extended G major string chords – " a hauntingly beautiful close " , says Roseberry .
The Daily Telegraph , for instance , although like most of its contemporaries describing Brett 's death as " a vulgar , dastardly murder " , nevertheless supported reform in Ireland ; " we may hang convicted Fenians with good conscience , but we should also thoroughly redress those evils distinctly due to English policy and still supported by English power . "
The song ( co @-@ written with Diane Warren and co @-@ produced with Jam and Lewis ) resonates with new life experience — a kind of truth and uplift . "
It collectively and disparagingly identified the Conservative @-@ Democrats ( or Takists ) as ciocoi ( " upstarts " ) , accusing them of having repressed in blood the 1907 peasant revolt : " They are the symbol of 1907 , when , his arms , chest , shoulders and back loaded with ravens , with ciocoi , the peasant tore himself away from his field , split himself , fought to chase them away and [ ... ] fell down murdered by the claws that clutched down , tore down into his flesh and reached inside to his soul and killed it as well .
Tim Sendra from AllMusic felt that " most interesting reboot " in the album took place on ' Can 't Get You Out of My Head ' , saying that the " insistent strings push the song along with a tightly coiled electricity that is impossible to resist " .
The setting changes to a room where Minogue is seen striking various poses sporting bright crimson lipstick and a hooded white jumpsuit with a neckline plunging down to her navel .
Hopefully the humor with which it is packaged takes a little of the sting out of it " , said Wilson to UPI .
In April 1819 he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel and dined with President James Monroe .
Taylor also said that anyone " taken in rebellion against the Union , he would hang ... with less reluctance than he had hanged deserters and spies in Mexico . "
She then conducted a Christian mission to Ballarat , with crowds of 2 @,@ 300 assembling to hear her talk .
The system remained disorganized until the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert to it late on January 12 , when deepened convection with formative started to wrap into a slowly @-@ consolidating low @-@ level circulation center ( LLCC ) .
 On 30 June , the " Immortal Seven " secretly requested William — then in the Netherlands with Mary — to come to England with an army to depose James .
Published on August 21 , the report juxtaposes the " bronzed , slope @-@ shouldered , uncouth " marching men " begrimed with dust " and the spectators dressed in " summer gowns , lace parasols , tennis trousers , straw hats and indifferent smiles " .
Rolling Stone grouped the album in a " trifecta " with James ' previous ( not counting the 1998 holiday album 12 Songs of Christmas ) , and following studio albums , Life , Love & the Blues ( 1998 ) and Matriarch of the Blues ( 2000 ) .
Steve Knopper of the Chicago Tribune thought the arrangements were " tinkly " and " meandering " , with James sounding as through " she 's learning a foreign language " .
Wright and Shockley spoke with Colonels James McCormack and Dean Rusk , and examined casualty forecasts by Michael E. DeBakey and Gilbert Beebe .
 In contrast to Hiroshima , almost all of the buildings were of old @-@ fashioned Japanese construction , consisting of timber or timber @-@ framed buildings with timber walls ( with or without plaster ) and tile roofs .
One mechanism by which the species promotes cross @-@ pollination with other plants is protandry , whereby the male parts release pollen that becomes non @-@ viable before the female parts become receptive on the same flower spike .
This was followed up with James Waley 's more professional , newsstand @-@ distributed Orb , which featured a number of talents that would later take part in the North American comics scene .
Weems has a fascination with Rube Goldberg machines .
The centre spreads were replaced with the historically inaccurate Last of The Saxon Kings , and letters of complaint poured in to the comic .
Opening sequence exteriors were filmed in Kauai , Hawaii , with Spielberg wrapping in September in 73 days , finishing under schedule in contrast to his previous film , 1941 .
Leeds then went on to lift the Inter @-@ Cities Fairs Cup after beating CA Spora Luxembourg , FK Partizan ( Yugoslavia ) , Hibernian ( Scotland ) , Rangers ( Scotland ) and Dundee ( Scotland ) to reach the final with Hungarian club Ferencvárosi .
To qualify they only needed a point against the Netherlands at the Parkstadion , and Charlton devised a time @-@ wasting plan with goalkeeper Packie Bonner that he was forced to abandon after referee Horst Brummeier was less than impressed .
The first band is tied around head whereas the other is around the neck , with the ends hanging down in front of the body , reaching down to the thighs , and broad enough to cover the genital area .
The upper floor is hung with red tiles .
7 seed in the Western Conference with a record of 50 – 32 .
When defenses guard Nowitzki with one of their biggest men , who is then pulled out to the perimeter , the net effect is that while Nowitzki 's own statistics are actually compromised by being out of position to offensively rebound or make an easy close @-@ range basket , the rest of the team becomes more offensively potent with the defense having to be spread across the floor .
It is built from local stone , with courses of rubble and ashlar dressings ; the roof is made of slate .
The game also features numerous conventional weapons , such as the Glock 17 pistol ( with the HD pack enabled , it resembles a Beretta ) , Franchi SPAS @-@ 12 shotgun ( with the HD pack enabled , the stock is folded up ) , MP5 submachine gun with an attached M203 grenade launcher ( with the HD pack enabled , it resembles an M4 Carbine ) , Colt Python .357 Magnum revolver , and rocket launcher as well as unusual weapons ranging from a crossbow to weapons from Xen and genetically engineered weapons such as an organic homing gun and flesh @-@ eating parasites called " Snarks " .
 Freeman awakens in the ruined test chamber and surveys the destroyed lab , strewn with the bodies of scientists and security personnel .
Blue Shift came with the High Definition Pack , that gave the player the option to update the look of Half @-@ Life , Opposing Force , and the new Blue Shift content .
The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars , each approximately 153 meters ( 502 ft 0 in ) long , 15 meters ( 49 ft 3 in ) wide and 5 meters ( 16 ft 5 in ) high .
The fan claimed Bouchard had struck him with his stick when he was waving to a friend watching the game on TV .
Bouchard said the fan had actually raised his fist towards a fellow Canadiens player who was being taken off the ice with an injury and his stick hit the fan accidentally as he tried to ward off the blow .
As the video ends , Flo Rida is seen once again on the circular platform while the screen behind him shows a red background with a gold Poe Boy Entertainment sticker .
The lowest of three levels is painted to resemble draped hangings and was ( and sometimes still is ) hung on special occasions with the set of tapestries designed by Raphael .
 Michelangelo painted onto the damp plaster using a wash technique to apply broad areas of colour , then as the surface became drier , he revisited these areas with a more linear approach , adding shade and detail with a variety of brushes .
For some textured surfaces , such as facial hair and woodgrain , he used a broad brush with bristles as sparse as a comb .
He employed all the finest workshop methods and best innovations , combining them with a diversity of brushwork and breadth of skill far exceeding that of the meticulous Ghirlandaio .
In four of the five most highly finished " medallions " the space is crowded with figures in violent action , similar to Michelangelo 's cartoon for the Battle of Cascina .
 While the Slaying of Goliath is a relatively simple composition with the two protagonists centrally placed and the only other figures being dimly seen observers , the Brazen Serpent picture is crowded with figures and separate incidents as the various individuals who have been attacked by snakes struggle and die or turn toward the icon that will save them .
The figures hold or are draped with or lean on a variety of items which include pink ribbons , green bolsters and enormous garlands of acorns .
Adam ’ s famous little penis was captured with a single brushstroke : a flick of the wrist , and the first man had his manhood .
In New Rochelle , he had both endured a divorce and run with a fast crowd .
When Taft arrived in Washington in February 1890 , the office had been vacant two months , with the work piling up .
 Roosevelt , frustrated by his own relative inaction , showered Taft with advice , fearing that the electorate would not appreciate Taft 's qualities , and that Bryan would win .
 Although no general arbitration treaty was entered into , Taft 's administration settled several disputes with Great Britain by peaceful means , often involving arbitration .
Coletta noted that this places Taft in good company , with James Madison , John Quincy Adams and McKinley .
He explained , " during the bar explosions we had a room full of stunt people showered with broken glass .
According to Riggs this was inspired by a Doctor Strange comic book " which had some big villain with Doctor Strange dangling on some strings like a puppet , it was something I read as a child back in the 1960s I think " , while the images of hell were " taken from my knowledge of medieval European Christian art which was full of such scenes . "
 Beyond the Mid @-@ County Interchange , Interstate 476 enters the Pennsylvania Turnpike system , interchanging with Interstate 276 and continuing north as the Northeast Extension of the Pennsylvania Turnpike .
The route continues through the Philadelphia suburbs interchanging with Pennsylvania Route 63 near Lansdale .
Continuing through mountainous areas , it has an E @-@ ZPass @-@ only exit for Pennsylvania Route 903 and cuts through Hickory Run State Park before interchanging with Interstate 80 and Pennsylvania Route 940 just to the north of the state park .
This erupted with the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 .
In 1865 , the Diet in Cluj abolished the laws voted in Sibiu ( Nagyszeben / Hermannstadt , and proclaimed the 1848 Law concerning the Union of Transylvania with Hungary .
It asked for equal rights with the Hungarians and demanded an end to persecutions and attempts at Magyarisation .
Its style , the " Flower Renaissance " , used a variety of plant ornament enriched with coats of arms , figures and inscriptions .
I 'm just there having a good time and hanging out with Madonna .
The Horsa had a wingspan of 88 feet ( 27 m ) and a length of 67 feet ( 20 m ) , with a maximum load of 15 @,@ 750 pounds ( 7 @,@ 140 kg ) or space for two pilots , twenty @-@ eight troops or a mixture of two jeeps , artillery guns and trailers .
Glider pilot commander Staff Sergeant Jim Wallwork told Howard that with a full load of men , ammunition , assault boats and engineers ' stores his gliders would be dangerously overloaded .
Smith 's platoon crossed the bridge next , exchanging fire with the German defenders , whereupon Smith was wounded by a grenade .
At 15 : 00 a boat loaded with German infantry approached from Caen .
Guthy @-@ Renker partnered with National Media Corp. to help market some of its fitness products , which led to a legal dispute that was settled with undisclosed terms in 1997 .
Madonna , wearing a skintight black suit and a lace top , appeared on the stage while sitting on a throne with a golden walking stick , as the music of " Candy Shop " started .
Before striking , the sharks compact schools of prey by swimming around them and splashing the water with its tail , often in pairs or small groups .
 Radio @-@ controlled autopilots were installed in eight B @-@ 17 bombers , converting them into remote @-@ controlled drones which were then loaded with automatic cameras , radiation detectors , and air sample collectors .
These fission products were thoroughly mixed with the two million tons of spray and seabed sand that were lifted into the spray column and its cauliflower head and then dumped back into the lagoon .
Sailors tried to scrub off the radioactivity with brushes , water , soap , and lye .
Fire boats got too close to the target ships they were hosing and drenched their crews with radioactive spray .
 Following test Baker decontamination problems , the United States Navy equipped newly constructed ships with a CounterMeasure WashDown System ( CMWDS ) of piping and nozzles to cover exterior surfaces of the ship with a spray of salt water from the firefighting system when nuclear attack appeared imminent .
 Nathan Fillion was cast as Kevin because the producers thought he fit as " someone to believe that Kate had actually married and settled down with " for being " really good and kinda fun and intelligent " , and also because Cuse and Lindelof were fans of Fillion 's work on Firefly .
Norman Mayers of Prefix Magazine wrote that B 'Day is packed with standouts such as " the Rich Harrison @-@ produced ' Freakum Dress ' and the Neptunes @-@ helmed ' Kitty Kat ' . "
He also had difficult relations with James Wilkinson and Wade Hampton , two senior army commanders .
 MD 5L runs along Coventry Way from the beginning of state maintenance west of MD 967D northeast to an intersection with Old Alexandria Ferry Road in Clinton , Prince George 's County , interchanging with MD 5 .
He met with James E. West , Scouting 's founder Baden Powell , and his aide , Gilwell Park 's second camp chief John Skinner Wilson .
 Model 2200 : Model 1200 with full length stock and barrel , produced for the Canadian firearms market .
Crush then engaged in a feud with Doink the Clown ( Matt Osborne ) , after he was attacked with a loaded prosthetic arm while confronting the clown about his cruel pranks on children at ringside , which caused Crush to miss the 1993 Royal Rumble .
 Apollo 17 included a biological cosmic ray experiment ( BIOCORE ) , carrying mice that had been implanted with radiation monitors to see whether they suffered damage from cosmic rays .
 Five pocket mice ( Perognathus longimembris ) were implanted with radiation monitors under their scalps and flown on the mission .
Although this was not a mission @-@ critical issue , the loss of the fender caused Cernan and Schmitt to be covered with dust thrown up when the rover was in motion .
Later that year , Eminem confirmed that they had been in a relationship in an interview for Rolling Stone , but claimed to have not been fully committed to it and that he disliked her as a person , while Carey told Maxim that it was never a " sexual relationship " and interviewer Larry King " I hung out with him , I spoke to him on the phone .
At the time , however , Frieda was a small system with minimal shower activity .
 Historians generally give credit to Colonel Noel Parrish , Commander of Tuskegee Field from 1942 to 1946 , for his enlightened leadership and fair treatment of cadets which improved morale by reducing the amount of segregation and overcrowding and improving relations with both blacks and whites in the town of Tuskegee .
Rockwell noted that this painting was not popular in Europe : " The Europeans sort of resented it because it wasn 't freedom from want , it was overabundance , the table was so loaded down with food . "
The chain also announced that it would not stock the Amusement with Prizes machines common in many other pubs .
The nematode can be soaked in , injected with , or fed with genetically transformed bacteria that express the double @-@ stranded RNA of interest , the sequence of which complements the sequence of the gene that the researcher wishes to disable .
Campbell 's filter was a lumped @-@ element design of capacitors and inductors suggested by his work with loading coils .
Examples can be seen in the post filter of figure 1 : each cavity has a tuning screw secured with jam nuts and thread @-@ locking compound .
Higher frequencies in the unwanted band , however , readily propagate along the side guides which are terminated with a matched load where the power is absorbed .
This will have the detrimental effects of losing a portion of the input power and loading source A with the output impedance of source B thus causing mismatch .
Water supply is provided by the Madurai City Corporation with overhead tanks and power pumps .
@ 5 – 12 by 4 – 5 µm , peanut @-@ shaped , non @-@ amyloid ( not changing color when stained with Melzer 's reagent ) , clamped , and produced by fragmentation of the coarse mycelium .
A light rain shower hit the race with around 50 km ( 31 @.
Kessiakoff could not stick with Pinot on the climb , with Pinot crossing the summit with a 12 @-@ second advantage over Kessiakoff .
 In para @-@ Alpine events , this classification is grouped with standing classes who are seeded to start after visually impaired classes and before sitting classes in the slalom and giant slalom .
At noon the B @-@ 17s encountered an area of " scattered rain squalls , " spreading into a line abreast formation with the aircraft 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) apart to increase their chances of spotting the Rex .
 Another challenge that the studio had to face was to deliver shots of heavy and deep snow that both interacted believably with characters and had a realistic sticky quality .
The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reports that 89 % of critics gave the film a positive review based on 216 reviews , with the site 's consensus being : " Beautifully animated , smartly written , and stocked with singalong songs , Frozen adds another worthy entry to the Disney canon . "
Croatia entered a personal union with Hungary in 1102 .
Michael Colombier did the string arrangement with Geoff Foster acting as the strings engineer , conducting at AIR Studios .
A stage was built in preparation for the performances with long dark drapes and large speakers , and according to Billboard was so that over one thousand fans nearby could hear the performance .
Its upperparts and sides are grey , but elongated grey feathers with black central stripes are draped across the back from the shoulder area .
It is a shallow scrape on the ground lined with plant material and down .
He attended Alfred Lawless High School in New Orleans and was a high school team mate with Robert Pack .
 The march south began on 1 November 1911 , a caravan of mixed transport groups ( motors , dogs , horses ) , with loaded sledges , travelling at different rates , all designed to support a final group of four men who would make a dash for the Pole .
 Meanwhile , back at Cape Evans , the Terra Nova arrived at the beginning of February , and Atkinson decided to unload the supplies from the ship with his own men rather than set out south with the dogs to meet Scott as ordered .
 The series was created by Sam Hoyle , Jessica Dromgoole and Matthew Broughton with James Robinson .
 In 2013 , Jeffrey Goldberg reported that , in Obama 's view , " with each new settlement announcement , Netanyahu is moving his country down a path toward near @-@ total isolation . "
Later historian William Laird Clowes , writing in 1900 , agreed with James ' assessment , commenting that " This action serves to again illustrate the lamentable decline in British gunnery " .
When Cyrus ' scene reappears she is off the stage and performing with the rest of the crowd .
Led by quarterback Otto Graham , fullback Marion Motley and ends Mac Speedie and Dante Lavelli , the Browns followed with a string of victories leading up to a November matchup with the San Francisco 49ers .
During the preseason , Gragg was hospitalized with heat cramps , but returned to practice on July 30 .
 MD 30 originated in the colonial era as part of a wagon road connecting the fledgling port of Baltimore with the new settlement that was to become Hanover .
 Describing the packaging , Kellman noted that it " was sharp but not elaborate — a clamshell box with each disc packaged in a paper LP @-@ replica sleeve .
 Bani Zeid had a total land area of 22 @,@ 249 dunams in 1945 , of which 90 dunams were classified as built @-@ up areas ( Deir Ghassaneh was larger than Beit Rima ) and 8 @,@ 400 dunams were planted with olive or fig groves .
The town is surrounded by olive groves , which Bani Zeid is well known for , and 14 @,@ 505 dunams are planted with olive trees .
 Both seasons were re @-@ released in R1 on June 5 , 2007 , with slim packaging consisting of one plastic case containing all six discs ( which were unchanged in content and cosmetics ) .
 Elder Aaron Davis , a young Mormon from Pocatello , Idaho , is sent to Los Angeles with three other missionaries to spread the Mormon faith .
Hill 268 was covered with thick brush from about 4 feet ( 1 @.
Kushner was invited to jam with the group and was soon invited to join with Slash , stating that " Dave brought a cool vibe to what [ they ] were doing .
Initially , the band started working with producer Rick Rubin on the album .
However , due to his methods , such as having a crew to do the work and engineering while only popping in occasionally , and due to the fact that he was also working with other bands at the same time , they decided against continuing with Rubin .
Due to their prolific breeding in captivity , there is a very low demand for Convict fry , and one may easily find their aquarium overstocked with an inbreeding population of Convicts without any avenues for adoption .
 Artesian springs , which kept the land flooded , had to be drained and blocked off with tons of rubble before soil could be laid on top .
His arguments are detailed in the Conclusions of 1525 , in which , Conclusions 44 , 45 and 46 are concerned with musical practices under the rubric of " prayer " .
The latitude was similar to Florida , though the climate was likely to have been drier , as evidenced by fossils of plants with adaptations for arid conditions and a lack of terrestrial sediments characteristic of rivers .
The thing that sold The Ash Man more than anything was the aftermath shot : This half @-@ disintegrated body with a pile of ash for the head on the ground .
The police search the Sim 's house and find a used hypodermic needle , which Marshall claims was used for injecting the anemic Emily with treatment .
Without Näslund in the lineup , the Canucks finished the season with the eighth and final seed in the Western Conference , but were swept in the first round by the Colorado Avalanche in four games .
The Canucks finished the season with the eighth seed in the Western Conference for the second straight year , resulting in a first @-@ round playoff match @-@ up with the Detroit Red Wings .
Overgrazing , agriculture and the loss of wetland and moist grassland have reduced the availability of suitable habitat in many areas , such as some parts of the southern KwaZulu @-@ Natal coast which have been urbanised or planted with sugarcane .
After an injury ended Paul 's career , LeDuc competed as a singles wrestler and involved in a heated feud with Dusty Rhodes .
Omeka brushed Lisianski Island with no damage .
Barenholtz felt that being of an avant @-@ garde nature , Pink Flamingos would fit in well with this crowd , screening it at midnight on Friday and Saturday nights .
He was scheduled to film a guest appearance the following day as Uncle Otto on the Fox network 's television series Married ... with Children in the second season wrap @-@ up episode .
 For one day on December 25 , 2011 , La Dispute made all of their discography , including Wildlife , free to download with an opportunity to donate money to 826michigan , a Michigan @-@ based , non @-@ profit organization dedicated to supporting students ages 6 to 18 with creative writing and to helping teachers to inspire their students to write .
This innings helped Tamil Nadu to avoid an outright defeat , hanging on for a draw with one wicket in hand .
By 1930 the railway map of Victoria was largely complete , with the best land settled and the remaining land marginal for agriculture , with a number of lines built across the state border into the Riverina of NSW .
 Larger bogie rollingstock started to appear from the turn of the 20th century , with the E type carriage stock introduced on The Overland , and smaller W type carriage stock on intrastate trains .
A fleet of Walker railcars was also introduced in the 1950s , along with Z type saloon carriage stock for both intra and interstate trains .
 At the Acme factory , Doom reveals his plot to destroy Toontown with a giant machine loaded with Dip to build a freeway , the only way past Toontown since Cloverleaf ( which Doom owns ) has bought out Los Angeles ' tram system .
In the third inning , Hershiser struck out Eric Davis with the bases loaded and two outs and later got Davis to hit into two double plays .
Hershiser loaded the bases with an intentional walk before retiring Mahler and Gant again .
As Hershiser left the mound with the record in hand , he was searching for Drysdale and saying " Where is Drysdale ?
In April 2012 , the NME did a studio update with on the album with James Spence stating that the band 's writing was " 70 % complete " .
I 'm seeing things in a positive light and I hope the lyrics will be more uplifting " In an interview with James Spence about the early writing process and how the lyrics have an essence of self @-@ reflection as a common theme in the band 's work , " it 's not something people normally look at or focus on ; self @-@ reflection as a theme , but if you ignore what 's happening to you and how it 's making you think about things then I don 't think that 's good . "
In September and October , starting just three days after their Japanese performances Rolo Tomassi completed 13 date tour of Australia with Australian bands Totally Unicorn and Stockades .
In its native fynbos habitat , the plants compete for space with native marsh grasses and low evergreen shrubs .
Each leaf can possess thousands of tentacles , which can aid in the retention of larger prey when combined with the leaf wrapping tightly around captured insects .
Asexual reproduction of mature plants usually occurs after flowering with new plants arising from the rhizome and roots .
 In a 2009 report of a 2006 trip , botanist Andreas Fleischmann noted that the higher altitude site is overgrown with plants of the family Restionaceae and he could not locate any remaining D. regia .
Seed germination occurs as early as 10 days to 3 or 4 weeks with fresh seed , faster than many other Drosera species .
At this point , the only factor inhibiting development was interaction with the mountains of Hispaniola and Jamaica .
The agricultural year began with sowing after summer .
In the palace of Adad @-@ nirari III , three bronze kohl sticks with castellated heads having been identified as Achaemenid period .
 In Neolithic and Bronze Age societies , a great variety of tombs are found , with tumulus mounds , megaliths , and pottery as recurrent elements .
The walls of both the offering and burial chambers of tombs of commoners from the Han period may be decorated with stone slabs carved or engraved in very low relief with crowded and varied scenes , which are now the main indication of the style of the lost palace frescoes of the period .
 The Royal Tombs of the Joseon Dynasty in Korea , built between 1408 and 1966 , reflect a combination of Chinese and Japanese traditions , with a tomb mound , often surrounded by a screen wall of stone blocks , and sometimes with stone animal figures above ground , not unlike the Japanese haniwa figures ( see below ) .
Northern @-@ Portuguese jogo do pau involves two rivals with long sticks .
The men engage in fierce battle with sticks , which used to be bloody and sometimes fatal .
Historical research suggests a road had been in this location since Saxon times , although the earliest documentary references are from the 12th century in connection with a leper colony at St James 's Hospital .
 Very uneven meadow with mounds formed by the yellow meadow ant Lasius flavus , fox earths , and spoil dumped during former gravel works .
 Seasonal pond with water plantain , celery @-@ leaved crowfoot , bittersweet , water figwort , and introduced yellow iris .
 Small meadow of tall ruderal herbs , changing with natural succession , held back by cutting , with plants such as cow parsley , hogweed , stinging nettle , false oat @-@ grass , garden escape daffodils and irises .
 Entrance yard gardens sown with wild flowers ; hedge mustard , hoary mustard and other ruderal species invading ; hedges with native trees and shrubs ; hops scramble up the hedges .
Landspouts also create a distinctively laminar cloud of dust when they make contact with the ground , due to their differing mechanics from true mesoform tornadoes .
Miller had been jamming onstage with the reggae band Gonzalez , but had been drunk , offending Gonzalez guitarist Gordon Hunte .
 In 2004 , Thin Lizzy worked together again , with Sykes and Gorham bringing in ex @-@ Angel bassist Randy Gregg , and drummer Michael Lee , who had played with Robert Plant and The Cult among others .
1 Djokovic with a string of four victories over top 20 opponents : Bernard Tomic , Berdych , Monfils , and David Goffin .
, someone began singing " We Shall Overcome " , and the crowd reacted with amusement and general good humor mixed with " growing and intensive hostility " .
An officer shoved a transvestite , who responded by hitting him on the head with her purse as the crowd began to boo .
Beer cans were thrown and the police lashed out , dispersing some of the crowd who found a construction site nearby with stacks of bricks .
 Sparty can be found entertaining MSU sporting event crowds with his antics during games .
However , those complaints became moot when Viacom , then @-@ owners of CBS , settled with the FCC for $ 3 @.
 In January 2005 , Bahçeşehir University associate professor Christian Christiansen questioned the backgrounds of certain PTC Advisory Board members ( L. Brent Bozell III as ' National Finance Chairman for the 1992 " Buchanan for President " campaign ' of " neo @-@ fascist Pat Buchanan " ; Susan Howard 's portrayal of adulterous Donna Culver Krebbs on TV series Dallas , which series " was soaked in scantily @-@ clad women , emotional cruelty , violence , alcoholism , and martial infidelity " ; Coleman Luck as ' writer and producer ' ... ' on " Otherworld , " " The Equalizer , " " [ Gabriel 's ] Fire , " " Matrix , " and " The Burning Zone " [ which ] ... included a fair amount of death and violence ' ; William Bennett as ' a very popular guest at a number of Las Vegas casinos ... gambling ' ; Bruce Jarchow appearing in ' less family @-@ friendly products ... such as " The Puppet Masters " ( R @-@ rated horror ) , " Mad Dog and Glory " ( R @-@ rated comedy ) and " Married ... With Children " ( crude Fox sitcom packed with blatant sexual banter ) ' ; Billy Ray Cyrus , who ' starred in the TV pilot " Mulholland Drive " made by erotic , anti @-@ family values filmmaker David Lynch ' and ' had the lead in the independent film mega @-@ flop , " Radical Jack , " the synopsis of which highlights the lunacy of Cyrus being on the board of the PTC : " CIA agent Jack Reynolds ( Billy Ray Cyrus ) has a score to settle .
 Although largely self @-@ educated , Hopkins was instrumental in the establishment of the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations ( now Brown University ) as a founding trustee or fellow along with the Reverend James Manning , Samuel Ward , John Brown , Nicholas Brown , Sr. , Moses Brown , the Baptist Reverend Isaac Backus , the Baptist Reverend Samuel Stillman , and the Congregationalist Reverend Ezra Stiles .
 While having no indigenous fish population , the lake was stocked from 1888 to 1941 with a variety of fish .
When the sea channel separating the city from mainland was filled with earth in the 11th century , the city merged with the settlement on land , and soon , a single wall was built around the area of the present @-@ day city core .
During the republican era , the wooden drawbridge to the Pile Gate was hoisted each night with considerable pomp in a ceremony which delivered the city 's keys to the Ragusan rector .
Over the bridge , just like with the Gate of Pile , there is the statue of Saint Blaise , the patron saint of Dubrovnik .
 Today , the fortress houses an aquarium on the ground floor , stocked with fishes from various parts of the Adriatic Sea .
For these scenes Welles had Comingore 's throat sprayed with chemicals to give her voice a harsh , raspy tone .
These went over a flexible skull cover that Seiderman created and sewed into place with elastic thread .
Fed up , he demands that she leave and lets Dwight , armed with spray chemicals , into the room .
She continued : " It 's a seductive package , crammed with all the on @-@ screen and off @-@ screen talent that big @-@ studio money can buy , and filled with old soul and remixed funk that evoke the city back in the day , when heroin turned poor streets white and sometimes red . "
The Pacers and him wrapped up the Orlando Summer League with a 77 – 73 defeat by the Oklahoma City Thunder , in which Rolle posted 16 points , eight rebounds and two blocks .
The communist threat was brought home to Jamaica with the 1952 arrest of the Jamaican politician Alexander Bustamante by the American authorities while he was on official business in Puerto Rico , despite the fact that he was avowedly anti @-@ communist .
Although this was perhaps a damper on their travel affair , Choe was impressed with the sights of Hangzhou , writing :
Charan was a happy @-@ go @-@ lucky rich graduate who hung out with his friends and girlfriend , Manju .
Both ships were also involved with settling the border of Wituland on 27 – 29 December .
In January 2014 , the case was settled with Boeing and General Dynamics agreeing to pay $ 200 million each to the U.S. Navy .
Each post had a force of 65 – 100 " village sentries " , often ex @-@ slaves armed with muzzle loading rifles , which resided in the villages to enforce taxation .
At least one missionary attributed the rise of disease with rubber collecting .
Three European officers and their Free State troops toured the area threatening villages with recriminations if rubber was not harvested , but despite this the post recorded absolutely no harvest for 1905 to 1906 .
He took MITS public in November 1973 with a stock offering of 500 @,@ 000 shares at $ 1 each .
The title is also a reference to the Pine Bluff Arsenal , a real United States military base with stockpiles of chemical weapons .
Meanwhile , Mulder joins the New Spartans as they infiltrate the bank and spray the money with the pathogen .
The title is also a reference to the Pine Bluff Arsenal , a real military base with stockpiles of chemical weapons .
They are both overjoyed , yet Tom insists that they stick with the mission at hand .
 Manchester City were predicted to line up in a 4 – 2 – 3 – 1 formation , with Nasri and James Milner as wide men .
As a young man , he earned a living drawing portraits and posters in dime museums , and attracted large crowds with his ability to draw quickly in public .
Women also have to settle for jobs that comply with their obligations as wives , mothers , and homemakers .
In February 1943 , a major fire and explosion in a livery barn , packed with road @-@ building supplies including dynamite , caused serious damage to the center of town ; five people were killed and 150 injured .
 On 12 August 1875 , Ellen Southard set sail for Liverpool in England from Saint John , New Brunswick , under the command of Captain Henry Woodworth with a load of tropical deal ( softwood timber ) .
He recalls at least one instance where a soldier shot himself with a .45 after his comrades discovered that he had emigrated from Germany , while another ran himself through with a bayonet after a pack drill .
In January 2007 , it was revealed that Newsom had had a romantic relationship in mid @-@ 2005 with Ruby Rippey @-@ Tourk , the wife of his former deputy chief of staff and then campaign manager , Alex Tourk .
Regular szlachta , increasingly dominated by the great land owners , lacked the will to align themselves with Cossack settlers in Ukraine to counterbalance the magnate power , and in the area of Cossack acceptance , integration and rights resorted to delayed and ineffective half @-@ measures .
 The accompanying music video portrayed a fantasy theme , with Allen dancing with giant wrapped gifts and balloons .
The Gardens consisted of several acres of trees and shrubs with attractive walks .
 A plan of 1681 shows the circular central feature planted with trees and shrubs , and the formal allées that were to remain a feature as long as the Gardens lasted .
About the year 1730 , Mr. Jonathan Tyers became the occupier of it , and , there being a large garden belonging to it , planted with a great number of stately trees , and laid out in shady walks , it obtained the name of Spring Gardens ; and the house being converted into a tavern , or place of entertainment , was much frequented by the votaries of pleasure .
He took treatment at clinics across Europe , but by 1922 he was walking with two sticks , and by 1928 he was paralysed and blind .
Delius had a financial and artistic success with his incidental music for James Elroy Flecker 's play Hassan ( 1923 ) with 281 performances at His Majesty 's Theatre .
Sports were chosen as the theme because of the widespread familiarity with them .
 Rundgren contemplated recording more tracks to make up a double album in a similar manner , but following an earthquake , he decided to relocate to New York City and hold a live recording session at the Record Plant with session players .
 The Arthur administration was challenged by changing relations with western American Indian tribes .
 Mayawati government started efforts to set up grid @-@ based solar power plants with the help of private sector and first 5 MW solar power plant located in Naini of Allahabad district started functioning on March 2012 and was developed by EMC Limited .
Three years later , Iowa 150 was extended southward along Iowa 271 , leaving only the short east – west portion of the supplanted highway with the 271 designation .
The shots of Jenny spraying Natalie with a fire extinguisher were limited to two takes because it took so long to re @-@ apply King 's make up .
A re @-@ release , with new packaging and menus , came on 26 March 2006 .
Raimi enjoyed poking Campbell 's injury with a stick he found in the woods .
With the bases loaded and no outs in the eighth inning , Addison Russell hit a fly ball that Heyward caught running and threw home to catcher Yadier Molina to tag out Anthony Rizzo by two steps , preserving a 4 – 3 win .
As a former premier , Hall was much more proficient than Eastick at dealing with the press , and used his skills to generate more media publicity , prompting Eastick to claim bias .
Increasingly dependent , Olga finally settled with her youngest son , Prince Christopher , shortly after the death of his first wife , Princess Anastasia , in 1923 .
Also showcased was the ability of the engine to render hordes of actors within the engine , as demonstrated with a large crowd of locust flocking through the " Gridlock " multiplayer map from the original game .
 Both IGN and Eurogamer , among others , positively mentioned the new " Horde Mode " feature , with Eurogamer saying that " Horde is a weighty slab of fun that can turn almost any of them into a time @-@ sink , and the leaderboards are likely to be as compelling a reason to stick with Gears of War 2 as the leveling system has been for Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare . "
 The highway 's northern section begins at a stack interchange with Interstate 44 in Bethany .
Approaching the larger French ship with all sail spread , Reynolds closed to within pistol shot before raking Droits de l 'Homme .
 Jammu and Kashmir ( with Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party )
The branches are smooth and somewhat sticky , being scattered with resinous warts .
The common alder is the foodplant of the larvae of a number of different butterflies and moths and is associated with over 140 species of plant @-@ eating insect .
He served the earl in the Low Countries in about 1600 – 1601 , and in the years before 1603 was his intermediary in a series of confidential communications with King James VI of Scotland .
Northumberland 's uncle had been executed for his involvement in the Rising of the North , a plot to replace Elizabeth with James 's mother , Mary , Queen of Scots .
He planned to make up for his family 's disgrace by building a strong relationship with James , but also wished to counter the influence of Robert Cecil , 1st Earl of Salisbury , whose father ( it was rumoured ) James believed had been responsible for Mary 's death .
She is informed that her fellow bounty hunters , also corrupted with Phazon and equipped with PEDs , have gone missing during their missions to investigate several planets embedded with Leviathan Seeds .
It prefers open land interspersed with areas of woods or brush .
Once they pump you with drugs , they can forget about you " , he said and added , " I saw people who basically were asleep for years . "
We are really pushing the engine for this , with loads of textures . "
The Advertiser summarized the plot as " a beefy storyline loaded with strong characters , powerful dialogue , outrageous humour , seemingly endless surprises and a wild ride around the galaxy . "
I sing the praises of Eidos for sticking with us through all the craziness — they were amazing .
He was also loaded with 300 pounds of iron weights .
While under repair , the ship , now increasingly obsolete , was permanently modified as a training carrier with some of her hangar deck converted into classrooms .
Graham Coxon recorded a string of solo albums , while Damon Albarn dedicated his time to Gorillaz , the animated band he had created with Jamie Hewlett .
The Condé marched north and joined with Fürstenberg and the Swabians at Rastatt .
Refinery workers were brought in to assist with search and rescue operations , as emergency services personnel were unfamiliar with the plant 's layout .
, an Imperial Sugar worker who underwent 70 surgeries for burns covering 85 % of his body after the plant explosion , settled his lawsuit with the company for an undisclosed amount .
Double Pack was later bundled with San Andreas in a compilation titled Grand Theft Auto : The Trilogy , released in October 2005 .
After Oliphant informed Lawrence of his report on uranium , Lawrence met with NDRC chairman James Bryant Conant , George B. Pegram , and Arthur Compton to relay the details which Oliphant had directed to Lawrence .
 With this dispute settled collaboration could once again take place .
Former Royal Air Force stations were selected for AERE and AWRE as they were isolated , with large hangars .
For instance , if a surface has branched chains , it will have poorer packing than a surface with straight chains .
 Combining the spreading parameter definition with the Young relation yields the Young – Dupré equation :
 Faber and Gwyer printed " A Song for Simeon " in an 8 ½ -inch × 5 ½ -inch Demy Octavo ( 8vo ) pamphlet in blue paper wraps with title in black ink .
In 1926 General Motors ( Australia ) was established with assembly plants at Newstead , Queensland ; Marrickville , New South Wales ; City Road , Melbourne , Victoria ; Birkenhead , South Australia ; and Cottesloe , Western Australia utilising bodies produced by Holden Motor Body Builders and imported complete knock down ( CKD ) chassis .
The car 's style was inspired by 1950s Chevrolets , with tailfins and a wrap @-@ around windshield with " dog leg " A @-@ pillars .
This coincided with the completion of the production plant in Acacia Ridge , Queensland .
Once the parasite is found , the players must defeat the Nemesis and inject it with the parasite .
Following his session work in Muscle Shoals , Alabama , Duane Allman moved to Jacksonville , Florida where he led large jam sessions with his new band , one he had envisioned as having two guitarists and two drummers .
 The Allman Brothers Band was formed in March 1969 , during large jam sessions with various musicians in Jacksonville , Florida .
Duane began to put together a new band , and invited bassist Berry Oakley to jam with the new group ; the pair had met in a Jacksonville , Florida club some time earlier , and became quick friends .
Dreams " developed from a jam in which the band toyed with the theme to the film 2001 : A Space Odyssey , and has been referred to by Johnson as Coltrane 's " My Favorite Things " with lyrics .
I hung out with a lot of rock stars but no one ever did that to the same extent .
 Monáe has noted that the album 's musical influences encompass " all the things I love , scores for films like Goldfinger mixed with albums like Stevie Wonder ’ s Music of My Mind and David Bowie ’ s Ziggy Stardust , along with experimental hip hop stuff like Outkast ’ s Stankonia " .
 The park 's predominant environment is open grass plain with scattered Acacia bushes .
Kristan Reed of Eurogamer concluded that " CNK stays in exactly the cutesy ballpark you 'd expect from the Day @-@ Glo series , neither straying in any way from the generic cartoon worlds of old nor providing any graphical trickery that surprises hardened gamers looking for a splash of eye candy with their cartoon frippery . "
An anorexic girl examines herself in a mirror , eventually punching through it ; a thin teenage boy stands lifting weights in a room plastered with images of bodybuilders ; and an African @-@ American girl rips out pages of women 's magazines including photos of only white women and throws them into a fire .
He used the house as a setting for his patronage of the arts stocking it with paintings , sculpture and holding opera performances .
Smart , a bit complex ; he kind of was a loner ; he didn 't hang with a lot of people ...
All intersections of the A3 motorway are grade separated , and the motorway comprises several large stack and cloverleaf interchanges at junctions with four other motorways in Croatia : A1 , A2 , A4 and A5 .
After working through their post launch checklists , the crew opened the payload bay doors , deployed the Ku band antenna , and moved into the robotic activities portion of the day , which included a survey of the payload bay and crew cabin survey with the orbiter 's robotic arm .
Beginning the spacewalk at 12 : 20 UTC , the pair first worked on removing an aging battery module , and replaced it with a new pack , which combined with the battery replacement performed during the second spacewalk , gave the telescope all new nickel @-@ hydrogen batteries .
Malcolm decided on war , and took his army south into Cumbria and across the Pennines , wasting Teesdale and Cleveland then marching north , loaded with loot , to Wearmouth .
A tsuzumi , called the san @-@ no @-@ tsuzumi is another small drum in gagaku that is placed horizontally and struck with a thin stick .
The fire , aided by the scaffolding , destroyed the roof and much of the stonework along with masses of stocks and personal belongings that had been placed there for safety .
Subsequently he suggested that WMC temporarily suspend the non @-@ discrimination order , and even brought a pile of freshly printed fliers with a suspension announcement to the WMC offices .
Centurion 's captain , James Lind , was ashore and command rested with Lieutenant James Robert Phillips , who was suspicious of the new arrivals and fired on them as they came within range .
London 's captain , Sir Harry Burrard Neale , had sighted Linois 's sails at a distance and sailed to investigate , hanging signals with blue lights that notified the rest of Warren 's squadron , which was strung out ahead of the slow sailing London , of his intentions .
Due to problems associated with transparency and ballot stuffing , the European Union , United States and several other nations do not recognize the results of the vote .
The song " is stuffed with boasts about the rapper 's fashion cred , from boasting that he 's had dinner with Vogue editor Anna Wintour to showing off a $ 6000 pair of shoes .
This footage was compiled with some of the clips submitted by viewers and used to construct the final music video , which was shown nationwide on British music channels such as 4Music and Viva .
3 : The Subliminal Verses with producer Rick Rubin at The Mansion in Los Angeles , California in 2003 .
 In a 2003 interview , Jordison explained that despite the initial problems more than enough material was written for the album and added that " it 's better to have stuff to pick from than to settle for shit " , in contrast to how Slipknot settled too soon with fewer songs on previous albums .
Band members were divided over their experience of working with producer Rubin ; some doubted his commitment to Slipknot as he split his time between many artists at once .
Fraser Kee Scott , owner of A Gallery , demonstrated with the Stuckists outside the Tate Gallery against the gallery 's purchase of The Upper Room .
It consisted of over 250 paintings by 37 artists , mostly from the UK but also with a representation of international Stuckist artists from the US , Germany and Australia .
The show coincided with the opening of Vine 's major show at Modern Art Oxford and was prompted by Thomson 's anger that the material promoting her show did not mention her time with the Stuckists .
However , strong winds scorched the plants on Guam with saltwater , causing extensive defoliation .
When Spider @-@ Man tries to intervene , Octavius brushes him aside as well with one of his tentacles , declaring himself " Dr. Octopus . "
To meet these expectations , he followed a simplistic strategy — " be mindful of the history , listen to the direction and guidance of Greg Weisman , and then write an episode with a good , entertaining story that is packed with as much action and humor as 22 minutes will allow . "
During the middle eight , the song slows down with synthetic strings and bass beats , and the section ends with a beat similar to a four @-@ on @-@ the floor , a rhythm pattern popularized in 1970s disco music .
She 's so creative with this stuff .
In his struggles with his nobles in 1488 James III received assistance from his two warships the Flower and the King 's Carvel also known as the Yellow Carvel .
Despite this , relationships between the Scottish crown and the Papacy were generally good , with James IV receiving tokens of papal favour .
 The match resumed in the lunch hour on Monday , 26 June , at 12 : 30 pm , with a large crowd .
Carter believed that the series could continue for another ten years with new leads , and the opening credits were accordingly redesigned in both seasons eight and nine to emphasize the new actors ( along with Pileggi , who was finally listed as a main character ) .
Within a matter of years he had followed this up with a string of further works : The Forest Cultures of Northern Europe : A Study in Evolution and Diffusion ( 1931 ) and The Continental Affinities of British Neolithic Pottery ( 1932 ) .
He authored occasional articles for Palme Dutt 's socialist journal , the Labour Monthly , but disagreed with him over the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 ; Palme Dutt defended the Soviet Union 's decision to quash the revolution using military force , but like many western socialists , Childe strongly disagreed .
The modernization included covering the mosaic floors with rubber tile and terrazzo , enclosing the elevators and ornamental stairways , and replacing the marble and oak finishes in the corridors and offices with modern materials .
 In 1951 , laboratory waste and animals that had been injected with plutonium during experiments at the University of Rochester were shipped to the LOOW site for burial .
It was co @-@ written by Aguilera with Jamie Hartman , David Glass and Phil Bentley , with production done by Tracklacers and Jamie Hartman .
 Recorded at Henson Recording Studios , Hollywood , California , and Radley Studios , Los Angeles , California , by Justin Stanley , " Army of Me " was co @-@ written by Aguilera with Jamie Hartman , David Glass and Phil Bentley .
There were no settlements to reconstruct , so the graves were largely left scattered in individual graves or small cemeteries , and the slopes were planted with Australian vegetation .
It was proposed to leave the fortifications of Douaumont in ruins as a memorial to the dead of Verdun , and the issue of whether or not to replant the region with trees in the 1930s proved controversial with veterans .
Maine Athrai needed the pig for her husband 's great feast ; Léna refused , but he was killed when the pig grubbed up earth with its snout , burying him alive in his sleep .
Day , on the other hand , fired a pistol loaded only with powder directly at Sabrina 's petticoat , without her knowledge that there was no shot in it .
 The Guardian was a former two @-@ decked 44 @-@ gun frigate , but had been armed en flûte and loaded with stores to be taken to the British colony at Botany Bay .
In addition to these stores , consisting of seeds , plants , farm machinery and livestock with a total value of some £ 70 @,@ 000 , the Guardian was also to transport a number of convicts and their overseers .
Having now created a substitute hull out of his deck , Riou raised what little sail he could and began the long journey back to land , with the pumps being continuously manned .
Other courtship rituals include hissing and clucking while hopping with wings partially spread , and dancing .
The route was supposed to head eastward , crossing an interchange with U.S. Route 206 in Montgomery Township before crossing over County Route 518 in Rocky Hill and interchanging with New Jersey Route 27 in Kingston .
There , the highway was to continue southeastward , interchanging with local roads and continuing through an interchange with County Route 535 before merging into Interchange 8A with the New Jersey Turnpike , where Route 92 was to end .
He injected mice with bacteriophage and observed their immunological reactions and believed bacteriophages to be viruses .
Sanctus Real announced they would be touring with Winter Jam 2012 on the eastern side of the United States .
Although the loss of the court as a result of the Union of Crowns in 1603 removed another major source of patronage , the seventeenth century saw the emergence of the first significant native artists for whom names are extant , with figures such as George Jamesone and John Michael Wright .
He has been compared with John Constable and described as the " Scottish Impressionist " , with free brushwork often depicting stormy seas and moving clouds .
They presumably settled disputes by striking each other with their wings ; to aid this purpose , they used the knobs on their wrists .
Although the situation was deemed safe with differential settlement between adjacent piers along the viaduct at only a sixth of the permissible level , the BOHSR urged the closure of more wells .
The Dissolution also saw the surrender to the king of all of Bristol 's friaries and monastic hospitals , together with St James ' Priory , St Mary Magdalen nunnery , a Cistercian abbey at Kingswood and the College at Westbury on Trym .
His association with Henry and settlement in Virginia helped Hinde become acquainted with many of the leading members of society during the period .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with shows in North America in 2013 before a tour of Oceania in January 2014 .
Republic Records art designer Joe Spix then handled the presentation , with particular detail in the vinyl packaging .
Next year he also received a scholarship to study at Academy of Fine Arts Vienna , but after a few days and a major quarrel with Christian Ruben , Matejko returned to Kraków .
Argon @-@ 36 , in the form of argon hydride ( argonium ) ions , has been detected in cosmic dust associated with the Crab Nebula supernova ; this was the first noble @-@ gas molecule detected in outer space .
Nursing staff , who were predominantly women , felt more inclined to celebrate the success of their patient care and less inclined to identify the spread of the disease with their own work .
 Lebrón eventually moved to San Juan , where she studied sewing and continued her correspondence with Paoli .
Kyle 's number of Facebook friends rapidly declines when he does this , in part due to a Mad Friends podcast he finds Cartman has set up in which he berates Kyle for choosing a loser as a friend and asserts nobody will want to hang out with Kyle .
 In the city , the age population was spread out with 26 @.
 The 1st Army faced the Hungarian 3rd Army , and during the first few days after the commencement of the invasion , there were exchanges of fire with Hungarian border guards , but the 1st Army faced no direct attacks .
The battalion 's aircraft consisted of five Italian @-@ made Savoia @-@ Marchetti SM.75 transport aircraft formerly with the civilian airline MALERT , but pressed into service with the Royal Hungarian Air Force ( Hungarian : Magyar Királyi Honvéd Légierő , MKHL ) at the start of the European war .
In the first game , Affeldt entered with two outs and the bases loaded with the Rockies leading 5 – 1 .
On April 12 , he entered a game against the Padres with one out and the bases loaded in the sixth inning .
 In Game 5 of the 2014 NLCS against the St. Louis Cardinals , Affeldt entered the game in the top of the ninth with two outs and the bases loaded , retiring Oscar Taveras on a comebacker to preserve a 3 – 3 tie .
The identification of individuals allows the National Park Service to ensure correct gender ratios and to select which mares to inject with PZP .
In archive footage from " Chuck Versus the Balcony " , Sarah tells Chuck that she did not fall in love with James Bond .
Charlie Adler voice directed The Buzz on Maggie and helmed voice casting with Jamie Thomason .
The hyphae are smooth or covered with scattered , warty or finger @-@ like diverticulae .
The Knights of the Nine content pack was included with the game , but other downloadable content releases were not .
Also on April 7 , EB Games and GameStop began offering a coupon promising one free download of the " Horse Armor " pack with every purchase of the PC edition of Oblivion .
Caesar , along with The Public Enemy starring James Cagney , and Scarface featuring Paul Muni , were incredibly violent films that created a new type of anti @-@ hero .
By the end of the 19th century , the Sami population had mostly been forced north , with ethnic Russians settling in the south of the peninsula .
Loaded with around 61 @,@ 000 pounds ( 28 @,@ 000 kg ) , the aircraft was far below its maximum permissible weight and the center of gravity was within the prescribed limits for the model of aircraft .
Following the German victory in Poland , JG 2 was transferred to Frankfurt @-@ Rebstock and tasked with protection of Germany 's Western border during the Phoney War — the phase between Britain and France 's declaration of war on Germany in September 1939 , and the Battle of France in May 1940 .
 Chinese immigration to Mexico began as early as the 17th century , with a number settling in Mexico City .
Then he has scooped out a little burrough in the massy walls of the place for his little self and his children , which is hung with paper and printed linnen , and carved chimney @-@ pieces , in the exact manner of Berkley @-@ square or Argyle Buildings .
Money was a motivating factor ( resurfacing my indoor tennis court , oil change for my 4 × 4 Ferrari ) but the idea of playing and hanging out with each other is something all of the guys are pretty stoked about . "
[ ... ] I 'm hoping for this dream scenario where I can make Grandaddy records every so often and not have all this messy stuff that goes along with it .
Island Records issued remastered and expanded versions of the band 's first four studio albums and the Nénette et Boni soundtrack , along with a compilation album that documented Tindersticks time with Island entitled Working for the Man , in 2004 .
Having received Ravel 's String Quartet with less than his usual enthusiasm , Fauré asked to see the manuscript again a few days later , saying , " I could have been wrong " .
After brushing the peninsula with its outer rainbands , Emilia turned away from the coast into cooler waters , and subsequently began to weaken rapidly .
In September 1942 , the S @-@ 1 Executive Committee recommended that a five @-@ tank pilot plant be built along with a 200 @-@ tank section of a production plant .
Groves cancelled the pilot plant on 14 November , in favor of proceeding immediately with the production plant .
Nonetheless , when he joined Coventry 's King Henry VIII Junior School he fitted in immediately and made close , long @-@ standing friendships , such as those with James " Jim " Sutton , Colin Gunner and Noel " Josh " Hughes .
Other scenes of the video feature behind @-@ the @-@ scenes footage such as ; rehearsal sessions , fan meet and greets , making radio appearances , jokingly walking around with toilet paper sticking out of his pants , and scenes with friends and family .
After touring for two and a half years to promote their breakthrough third studio album , Tragic Kingdom , No Doubt wrote several dozen songs for its follow @-@ up and eventually settled on working with producer Glen Ballard .
The fourth line in the second verse alludes to discovering your place in the world : " How long am I gonna stand / with my head stuck under the sand . "
Pitchfork Media likewise criticised the song 's " uncanny resemblance to ' Clocks ' " and continued " Certainly , it rarely hurts to stick with what works , but this is not just a near @-@ exact replica of its successful predecessor ; it 's also a less memorable song riding a piano hook that has so deeply infiltrated the pop @-@ culture landscape that I 've become numb to it . "
Madonna broke her own record in 2008 , with her Sticky & Sweet Tour , which became the highest grossing tour by a solo artist , earning US $ 408 million ( $ 450 @,@ 021 @,@ 405 in 2016 dollars ) .
Her style evolved over time , beginning with gestural brush strokes in ordered compositions , and developing into more closely interwoven representations of the hair @-@ string skirts and designs reflecting those used in body painting .
The hero then heads in that direction and finds a large hole with the crown maker just barely hanging on .
The border closing caused some Norwegian Sami to settle in the area and continue with reindeer husbandry .
Stocking with fish has resulted in the introduction of Atlantic salmon , vendace and lake trout .
 " Crazy Face " evolved from " Going Around with Jesse James " , a song Morrison first recorded for Astral Weeks on 15 October 1968 .
The various buildings are arranged roughly parallel to the A505 ; AirSpace is furthest east , with Hangars 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 running westwards , followed by the American Air Museum and the Land Warfare Hall .
Homely and functional gardens connected to working @-@ class cottages go back centuries , but their stylized reinvention occurred in 1870s England , as a reaction to the more structured , rigorously maintained estate gardens with their formal designs and mass plantings of greenhouse annuals .
According to the late 19th @-@ century legend of origin , these gardens were originally created by the workers that lived in the cottages of the villages , to provide them with food and herbs , with flowers planted in for decoration .
Sackville @-@ West had taken similar models for her own " cottage garden " , one of many " garden rooms " at Sissinghurst Castle — her idea of a cottage garden was a place where " the plants grow in a jumble , flowering shrubs mingled with Roses , herbaceous plants with bulbous subjects , climbers scrambling over hedges , seedlings coming up wherever they have chosen to sow themselves " .
 Today herbs are typically thought of as culinary plants , but in the traditional cottage garden they were considered to be any plant with household uses .
Scented herbs would be spread on the floor along with rushes to cover odors .
Other preparations included the erection of hurricane shutters , while people rushed to stock up on supplies with shelves cleared of emergency supplies .
The Mulefa have a symbiotic relationship with the seed pod trees , which depend on the rolling action to crack open the pods and allow the seeds to disperse .
 The raw footage stops suddenly at this point and begins again with unidentified people being loaded into an ambulance .
Really is coming with a lot of dust .
Abu Rahma 's footage stops suddenly after the shooting of the father and son , then begins again — from the same position , with the white minibus behind which Abu Rhama was standing visible in the shot — with other people being loaded into an ambulance .
While exact figures are not available for Borodino , it is probable that the ship was approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as she and her sisters were overloaded with coal and other supplies ; all of which was stored high in the ships and reduced their stability .
The amphorae deposited in the mound were often labelled with tituli picti , painted or stamped inscriptions which record information such as the weight of the oil contained in the vessel , the names of the people who weighed and documented the oil and the name of the district where the oil was originally bottled .
They are heavy for their size , with a high wing loading , so they need to fly fast .
The research concluded that the Puerto Rican amazon may share a common ancestor with the Jamaican A. agilis .
The boilers , arranged in eight compartments , were mixed @-@ firing with fuel oil sprayed onto the coal for extra power .
 In late December 2006 , an unusual video was released for the instrumental track " Untitled " , also known as " - " , which mainly consists of a man spray painting a wall with " evil and good are raging Inside me " and correcting it to give the album title .
A license plate number of a car with a WINC bumper sticker was announced over the air , and the owner was given 92 minutes to call in and choose to accept a prize of $ 92 or give up the money for a chance of winning $ 9 @,@ 200 .
But due to its declining popularity and the retirement of experienced COBOL programmers , programs are being migrated to new platforms , rewritten in modern languages or replaced with software packages .
After a chance meeting with members of the group Fear , she invited drummer Andrew Jaimez , bassist Mando Lopez , and guitarist Richard Presley to jam with her at the studio she was renting .
Pritzker Pavilion is built partially atop the Harris Theater for Music and Dance , the park 's indoor performing arts venue , with which it shares a loading dock and backstage facilities .
The editor welcomed Sewell 's detailed address and expressed general satisfaction with Sewell 's statements .
The apparently cremated remains were then removed with a dust @-@ buster .
A baroque and psychedelic pop song , it begins with the sound of strings , ushering a joyous melody , with Madonna singing in a full voice .
The breakdown has the feel of Spanish music , with the glissando evoking the string arrangements .
The Germans then tried to disassemble the production facility , followed by a retreat from Vemork with the remaining stock of heavy water .
 The detonation amputated his right hand , and sprayed his body with shrapnel .
Immediately after this , though , Harding was loaded with medical supplies from the American Red Cross and was ordered to Veracruz , Mexico , where an outbreak of bubonic plague necessitated serum and other supplies .
He accused Madonna of copyright infringement over at least eleven of Bourdin 's works , including one of Madonna with her legs spread on top of a TV set . "
However , Jimmy is discovered and injected with a mystery drug which forces him to kill himself .
The game , however , is a setup to inject Langly with a drug that effectively controls the subject 's mind , much like Scully and Jimmy .
 Timmy prepares to gun down Langly and Frohike , but is injected with the mind control drug by Byers .
Burr mostly praised it but said that " Madsen eventually loses his way " , stating that there was " not enough " information about Citron and that the film " feels packed with events and frustratingly unfocused " .
He settled with his family in Kent , Ohio , where he ran a medical practice until his death in 2000 .
At the intersection with Intervale Road , U.S. Route 202 and County Route 511 make a right turn , immediately interchanging with Interstate 287 , with access to the southbound direction and from the northbound direction .
 HCI offers a host of exchange programmes with schools spread across the Asia @-@ Pacific , including University of Tsukuba in Japan , Philippine Science High School in the Philippines and the Bugil Academy in South Korea .
Most recently , the string orchestra achieved Gold with Honours at the 2011 Singapore Youth Festival for String Ensembles .
To obtain ships suitable for the doctrinal roles of battlecruisers , such as scouting for fleets and hunting enemy raiders , he settled on ships with the minimal armour of a light cruiser and the armament of a battlecruiser .
The K @-@ 25 plant commenced operation in March 1945 , and as the bugs were worked out , the plant operated with remarkable efficiency and economy .
 The music video for " Confessions of A Broken Heart ( Daughter to Father ) " received widespread critical acclaim with some calling it one of the greatest heartbreaking music videos of all time .
Tables of impacts recorded by video cameras exist for years since 2005 many of which are associated with meteor showers .
 In an August 2012 interview with Baltimore radio station 92Q Jams , Lupe Fiasco stated that Chief Keef " scares " him and went on to describe the other rapper as a " hoodlum " and representative of Chicago 's " skyrocketing " murder rate .
He abandoned his vehicle with his firearm still inside , along with three loaded magazines , nine spent shell casings , and brass knuckles .
Widespread familiarity with the rhyme is suggested by its use by Henry Carey in his satire Namby Pamby ( 1725 ) , as :
Ienner , who had previously produced albums and songs for John Lennon and Three Dog Night , opted to stick with much of the music that had already been used during filming and obtained licenses for the songs from Bergstein 's collection .
Being willing to do anything to save Pam from being stuck with an unbearable deskmate , Jim agrees .
Pam briefly lifts Dwight 's spirits by suggesting they " haze the new guy " , though she makes Dwight stop that plan when he nearly suffocates Clark with shrink wrap .
Halo ActionClix figures were occasionally bundled with the game in promotional packs , and Gamestation stores in the United Kingdom offered a Master Chief figurine to the first 1000 pre @-@ orders of the Halo 3 Legendary Edition .
It purchased an eleven @-@ acre tract along the creek to build a sewer system and built an engine house with boilers to purify sewage .
Affleck said Daredevil was his favorite comic book as a kid , and explained why he took the role by saying " Everybody has that one thing from childhood that they remember and that sticks with them .
It turns more to the north from here and heads into commercial areas , interchanging with MD 168 ( Nursery Road ) and Hammonds Ferry Road .
Past this interchange , I @-@ 695 heads north , interchanging with Hollins Ferry Road in Lansdowne before passing under CSX ’ s Baltimore Terminal Subdivision and coming to an interchange with US 1 Alt .
Beyond US 40 , I @-@ 695 continues north through residential areas , narrowing to six lanes , with three lanes in each direction , before coming to a four @-@ level stack interchange with I @-@ 70 in Woodlawn .
 Beyond I @-@ 83 , I @-@ 695 turns northeast as a six lane road and heads into Towson , interchanging with MD 139 ( Charles Street ) .
From here , the route continues southeast along the Back River into residential and industrial Dundalk , interchanging with Cove Road .
The route runs past the Sparrows Point Industrial Complex before crossing over Bear Creek and interchanging with unsigned MD 695A ( Broening Highway ) south of the Dundalk Marine Terminal , with an eastbound exit and westbound entrance .
 Karpov defended his title twice against Viktor Korchnoi and dominated the 1970s and early 1980s with a string of tournament successes .
Other cultural references in the episode include Grampa 's recollection of his brush with death at the Retirement Castle , which is a reference to Dorothy 's return to Kansas in The Wizard of Oz .
It was a 546 @-@ metre ( 1 @,@ 791 ft ) long mound of earth with a ditch on either side ; the parallel ditches were 19 @.
Canada 's poorer provinces found it impossible to cope with widespread poverty and hunger while the federal government resisted taking full responsibility for unemployment relief .
However , Colt 's lawyers doubted that this suit would have been successful and the case was resolved with a settlement of $ 15 @,@ 000 .
Colt ran his plant with a military @-@ like discipline , he would fire workers for tardiness , sub @-@ par work or even suggesting improvements to his designs .
 Turok 2 : Seeds of Evil begins with the new Turok , Joshua Fireseed , appearing through a portal to face a blue @-@ skinned woman named Adon .
The fungus — limited in distribution to California — fruits almost exclusively with Monterey and bishop pine , two trees with small and scattered natural ranges concentrated in the West Coast of the United States .
The surface is smooth but is sometimes streaked with the sticky glue @-@ like cap slime when older .
The pair hung out with drummer Bobby Scruggs , who later joined the band .
Working with Professors James Alfred Ewing and Bertram Hopkinson , he made several important studies into the effects of vibration on structures and defects on the strength of plate steel .
Ellefson settled with Mustaine out of court and rejoined the group in 2010 .
However , before Metallica began recording its debut album , Mustaine was expelled over substance abuse and conflicts with James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich .
Guns N ' Roses guitarist Slash had been jamming with Mustaine and Ellefson , and although it seemed that he might join Megadeth , he remained with Guns N ' Roses .
Broderick 's former Nevermore bandmate , Van Williams , congratulated Megadeth on " getting one hell of a good player , more importantly they 're getting a great guy to hang out with and a true friend " .
 In September 1792 Heywood was court @-@ martialed and with five others was sentenced to hang .
Bounty was a small vessel , 91 feet ( 28 m ) in overall length , with a complement of 46 men crammed into limited accommodation .
Two weeks later he married Frances Joliffe , a widow whom he had met ten years earlier , and settled with her at Highgate , near London .
Wesker injects her with Anti @-@ Virus before the autopilot crashes the plane .
The royal grandstand was hung with gold @-@ and @-@ silk tapestries illustrating the triumph of Scipio , which Giulio Romano had designed for Francis I. Brantôme recalled in his memoirs that " the Spanish lords and ladies greatly admired it , never having seen anything like it in the possession of their king " .
The arcades were linked to an amphitheatre overhung with artificial heavens of planets and constellations , and allusions to Catherine ’ s personal emblem , the rainbow .
She hangs out with the bad girls in the bathroom , makes snippy comments at Miss Hoover , gets disciplined by Skinner , and her grades drop as a result .
Bill Gibron of DVD Verdict said " Separate Vocations " represent The Simpsons " at its apex as a well tuned talent machine grinding out the good stuff with surprising accuracy and skill . "
In modern times it is a ledge- and slope @-@ former that contains fossils of brachiopods , corals , and mollusks along with other animals and various terrestrial plants .
The most common finding is a well @-@ differentiated endometrioid adenocarcinoma , which is composed of numerous , small , crowded glands with varying degrees of nuclear atypia , mitotic activity , and stratification .
Preliminary research has shown that the levonorgestrel IUD placed for a year , combined with 6 monthly injections of gonadotropin @-@ releasing hormone , can stop or reverse the progress of endometrial cancer in young women .
Other research is exploring the potential of identifying the sentinel lymph nodes for biopsy by injecting the tumor with dye that shines under infrared light .
A civil war ensued which lasted for more than two decades and ended with the victory of Mary of Hungary 's grandson , Charles Robert .
He came out of the control booth and he had a couple of bikers - bikers hung around with him a lot , some pretty tough looking customers - and I 'd had enough .
In a 2005 report , SINTEF recommended that if such a service should be introduced , it should have four services per hour and operated with light rail rolling stock as a circle line with a tail southwards to Heimdal or Melhus .
The crowd responded to his instinctive aggression with wild cheering .
He described it as " sail 's last unaided battle with the polar pack [ pack ice ] " .
Eventually , he revealed his supreme form to the sages and exalted the Pashupata vow – by which a man restrains his passion , becomes celibate , and roams naked smeared with ash – declaring that such a lifestyle would lead to moksha ( salvation ) .
The women tell that the handsome beggar wearing tiger @-@ skin and smeared with ash had come riding a white bull and holding an axe , and used a skull as his begging bowl .
 The 8th @-@ century saint Cuntarar described Bhikshatana as having matted hair and skin smeared with ash , and wearing bark clothes and a tiger skin around his waist .
Although Rhino tackled Devon and went for the cover , Devine entered the ring to distract the referee , allowing Ray to hit Rhino with the kendo stick and cover to win the contest for his team .
Homicide followed with a splash from the top of a padded turnbuckle on Devon for the pinfall victory , winning the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament and the vacant TNA World Tag Team Championship .
The chains , consisting of two large sticks with a 10 @-@ yard @-@ long chain between them , are used to measure for a first down .
The down marker , a large stick with a dial on it , is flipped after each play to indicate the current down , and is typically moved to the approximate spot of the ball .
The chronicler Thomas the Archdeacon relates that Gaudius , who became Archbishop of Split in 1136 , " enjoyed great favor with the kings of Hungary " and " often visited their court " .
It has a unique style with exterior load @-@ bearing walls and an interior steel frame , which provided a transition between accepted and new building techniques .
She displaced 18 @,@ 873 t ( 18 @,@ 575 long tons ) with a normal load , and 20 @,@ 535 t ( 20 @,@ 211 long tons ) fully laden .
Her family sold the Groton farm and Fuller moved with them to Jamaica Plain , Massachusetts .
It left out details about her love affair with Ossoli and an earlier relationship with a man named James Nathan .
Around 1968 , Sorabji vowed to cease composing , and eventually stopped doing so after writing Concertino non grosso for String Sextet with Piano obbligato quasi continuo ( 1968 ) .
The Lances were both keen hunters , and rode with their pack of dogs , including both Salukis and terriers , to course jackal and Dorcas Gazelle whilst stationed in the desert .
Ray Richmond of the Los Angeles Daily News praised NBC for giving Homicide a second chance , comparing it to the days when NBC stuck with the comedy series Cheers even though it ranked last in the ratings during its first season .
Richmond said of Homicide : " This is also one of the final opportunities to see a television network stick with a struggling show for no better reason than it deserves to be stuck with .
He later praised the way Yankovic interacted with the artists that he parodies , noting that " Weird Al goes the whole route and cultivates a relationship with the artist .
One such invitation came from the Boston Lyceum in October 1845 , arranged with help from James Russell Lowell .
At Hayes 's direction , Sherman ordered John Jay to investigate the New York Custom House , which was stacked with Conkling 's appointees .
The band had become a much requested act and more dates were added on the East Coast till the end of the year , including a two nights gig at the Fillmore East with Creedence Clearwater Revival and the James Cotton Blues Band , and Christmas holiday shows at the famous Electric Circus club in New York .
Putana had smeared her breast with a mandana , an intoxicant , to kill Krishna .
 Specific controversies regarding the show have included an April Fools ' Day prank played on its viewers in 1998 , its depiction of the Virgin Mary in the season nine ( 2005 ) finale " Bloody Mary " which angered several Catholics , its depiction of Steve Irwin with a stingray barb stuck in his chest in the episode " Hell on Earth 2006 " , which originally aired less than two months after Irwin was killed in the same fashion , and Comedy Central 's censorship of the depiction of Muhammad in the season 10 episode " Cartoon Wars Part II " in the wake of the Jyllands @-@ Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy .
 For its fifth album , Pearl Jam again worked with producer Brendan O 'Brien , whom the band had worked with on its previous three records .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with tours in Oceania and North America in 1998 .
It consisted of mainly black and white separates with a splash of yellow that could easily work with an existing wardrobe .
 At the time of the commission 's vote in January , the boardroom was crowded with people who held some kind of interest in the issue .
As information was distributed against the referendum , as much literature was spread expressing local dissatisfaction with Bryant .
He addressed the crowd with a bullhorn : " This is the power of the gay community .
California state senator John Briggs , from Fullerton was in the crowd with Anita Bryant the night she and Save Our Children won the Dade County vote .
In 250 million years , North America will collide with Africa while South America will wrap around the southern tip of Africa .
They insist that the best way of learning is teaching and encouraging others , with the books prescribed by Tabligi Jamaat Movement in the light of Quran and Hadith stories of Prophets , Sahaba ( Companions of Prophet ) and Awlia Allah ( " Friends of Allah " ) .
Former singer and pop star Junaid Jamshed has close links with Tabligh Jamaat , and his departure from his professional singing career is attributed to his inclination towards this movement .
 Caudy hosted Washington again in 1755 , providing Washington with an ample supply of grass seed that was likely produced in one of Caudy 's fertile fields known as " Caudy 's Meadow " .
Designed in the same style as the lake in Windsor Great Park , the lake was stocked with trout , both rainbow and brown ; there were three bridges and four islands .
Such changes included importing modified seeds and signing collaboration contracts with other countries .
In 2010 Iran completed its first nuclear power plant at Bushehr with Russian assistance .
Tyrone Keys , a defensive end from a team loaded with pass @-@ rushers , and David Williams , a receiver who had led the nation in catches during his junior year , were claimed off waivers from the defending world champion Chicago Bears .
This criticism was echoed by safety David Greenwood , by then with the Packers , who pointed out the team 's cheapness by recounting a 1985 incident in which he wanted to keep a football as a game ball after catching it for an interception .
 With running back James Wilder nursing a bruised sternum , Nathan Wonsley rushed for 138 yards and two touchdowns .
 With James Wilder leaving the game after aggravating his rib injury , the Buccaneers were unable to take advantage of Green Bay Packers quarterback Randy Wright 's three interceptions .
 Historically , insects have been the most significant herbivores , and the evolution of land plants is closely associated with the evolution of insects .
Many plants of this time are preserved with spine @-@ like enations , which may have performed a defensive role before being co @-@ opted to develop into leaves .
In addition to providing housing , the plant also provides the ant with its exclusive food source ; from the food bodies produced by the plant .
A plant will produce chemical defenses only when energy is available from photosynthesis , and plants with the highest concentrations of secondary metabolites are the ones with an intermediate level of available resources .
In 1773 , insect infested plants were treated with nicotine fumigation by heating tobacco and blowing the smoke over the plants .
During June 13 , Keli caused some damage to the islands with plantations , breadfruit trees and other large trees devastated .
 The conflict ended with a bitter defeat for the Hungarians .
Though some may live by brigandage , they cannot all be tarred with the same brush , nor can they be blamed for not helping King Sigismund against the Turks , because they had gone with the Poles to the given rendez @-@ vous on the Danube and got there on time , yet had to waste two months waiting there , and then return home .
The Wallachians rushed to the scene with 7 @,@ 000 men , and together with the Hungarian garrison , battled the Moldavians and the Turks for eight days .
” After three days of marching and more pillaging , they reached Baia where Corvinus met with a Hungarian by the name of Sythotus , who revealed to him the Moldavian position , their numbers ( 12 @,@ 000 ) , and their plan to attack before dusk .
The entire conflict , with the Hungarian invasion and retreat , took around forty days .
He and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) settled with the city for $ 95 @,@ 000 ( 1994 ; $ 138 @,@ 000 in 2008 ) in compensation for the damaged painting after the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit upheld the lower court 's decision .
A CPD sergeant accompanied Rush , Streeter and Tillman to a waiting police car with the wrapped painting in hand .
Kim sued Vivid for ownership of the tape , but dropped the suit in April 2007 settling with Vivid Entertainment for $ 5 million .
Most episodes have very similar sturucture : the family " show [ s ] off their privileged lifestyle and maybe get into one or two minor family squabbles before ultimately wrapping things up with a monologue that reinforces the importance of family , " as noted by Caroline Siede of Quartz .
Some actors mingled with the crowd engaged in Sindoor khela — their job was to appreciate the camera angles and accordingly apply sindoor ( vermilion ) on Vidya 's face so that accidental exposure of her eyes to sindoor could be avoided .
According to Uddalak Mukherjee of The Telegraph , " Durga Puja , with its paraphernalia of idols , immersion processions , pandals , even an entire crowd of women draped in white saris with red borders , is central to the film 's ... visual aesthetic . "
With the help of Pooter 's employer Mr. Perkupp , Lupin finally secures a clerical position with a firm of stockbrokers in November .
Areas were ploughed and planted with oats and timothy to feed the captive bison herds as well as the expanding elk herds .
 B. pendula is distinguished from the related downy birch ( B. pubescens , the other common European birch ) in having hairless , warty shoots ( hairy and without warts in downy birch ) , more triangular leaves with double serration on the margins ( more ovoid and with single serrations in downy birch ) , and whiter bark often with scattered black fissures ( greyer , less fissured , in downy birch ) .
This disease also affects Betula pubescens and in 2000 was reported at many of the sites planted with birch in Scotland during the 1990s .
 In 1895 , aged 19 , he met and married Harriet Elizabeth Alp and settled with her at 48 Staithe Road in Burgh St. Peter near Lowestoft , where they had two sons and a daughter , including Thomas Crisp Jr .
It convened a meeting of the Naval Technical Committee to discuss the issue , but packed it with engineers from the fleet who were in favor of small @-@ tube boilers and the Engineering Section was outvoted .
Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil / coal burning .
 The Baths are a major tourist attraction and , together with the Grand Pump Room , receive more than one million visitors a year .
It is an eastward continuation of the Grand Pump Room with a glass @-@ domed centre and single @-@ storey radiused corner .
To the south @-@ west of the Somerset Levels are the Quantock Hills which was England 's first Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty designated in 1956 which is covered in heathland , oak woodlands , ancient parklands with plantations of conifer and covers 99 square kilometres .
Piling into the van with the horn still honking , they happily smash through the barrier of the hotel 's toll booth and head back to their home in Albuquerque .
A mother of a contestant in the film claimed that the film overplayed practices that the contestants go through : " Most pageants aren ’ t quite like that , with shaving the girls ’ legs , spraying them with fake tans and putting on so much makeup . "
The exhaust stack was replaced with a straight tube of metal and the cab walls and roof were removed .
During breaks in filming , the singer accepted an offer from Paul Christie ( Mondo Rock ) and Kevin Borich to join their part @-@ time band The Party Boys with Harvey James from Sherbet and Graham Bidstrup from The Angels .
In the two @-@ parter " Batgirl Begins " , Barbara Gordon wanted to be called ' Batwoman ' before settling with the Batgirl name .
He spent just over two years with Northwich before returning to manage Stockport County for the third time in January 2016 .
He suggested that his family would play a large part in his decision to move clubs , with Stockport 's financial troubles looming but uprooting his family to move to Brighton being undesirable .
On 1 February the players met with the Chairman and rumours spread that Gannon had ' lost the dressing room ' , as comparisons were made with the tenure of Brian Clough in The Damned United .
The houses were extremely unappealing ; many were essentially mud huts – earth mounds carved into dwellings and roofed with sod .
Everett graciously refused to persist in contesting the balloting , and Morton was certified the winner with 51 @,@ 034 votes ( exactly half those cast ) to 50 @,@ 725 for Everett ( with another 307 votes being scattered ) .
With the aid of walking sticks , he stood beside U.S. President Barack Obama during a wreath @-@ laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier .
Tomić left Yugoslavia following the war and settled in the United States with his wife .
The units are capable of 80 km / h ( 50 mph ) in single runs , 70 km / h ( 43 mph ) with empty trains and 60 km / h ( 37 mph ) with loaded trains .
The Sydney Morning Herald reported in October 1962 that the Indonesian Air Force 's Soviet Tupolev Tu @-@ 16 bombers could reach Sydney or any other Australian city with a light bomb load , while the Canberras could not fly in all weather and had a range of 900 miles ( 1 @,@ 400 km ) , insufficient to reach Djakarta .
The RF @-@ 111C carried a reconnaissance pack with four cameras and an infrared linescanner unit .
The wooden carts were ferried to the east bank via boats , where they were initially lifted to the top of the sand wall with their loads .
 The bloody decks of Madre De Deus were strewn with bodies , especially around the helm .
Aria of Sorrow was re @-@ released as part of Konami 's " Konami the Best " line on November 3 , 2005 in Japan , and in a dual pack with Harmony of Dissonance , titled the Castlevania Double Pack , in North America on January 11 , 2006 .
Metallic bonding tends to involve close @-@ packed centrosymmetric structures with a high number of nearest neighbours .
I stood there with my mouth hanging open . "
By 14 March the ship was settling into the shore ice with , according to second officer Leslie Thompson , " enough hawsers and anchors to hold a battleship " .
As the ice encasing the ship melted , the timber seams opened and were admitting around three to four feet ( about a metre ) of water daily , requiring regular work with the pumps .
The expedition was to consist of two ships , HMS Erebus and HMS Terror , each of which had seen Antarctic service with James Clark Ross .
After returning to Edmonton , he compared notes from the survey with James Savelle , an Arctic archaeologist , and noticed skeletal patterns suggesting cannibalism .
Entertainment 720 's show also proves to be a hit with the crowd , which makes Tom further contemplate quitting his job .
If the order was to cut him to pieces , the elephant would do so with his irons , and then throw the pieces among the assembled multitude : but if the order was to leave him , he would be left lying before the Emperor , until the skin should be taken off , and stuffed with hay , and the flesh given to the dogs .
The 93rd Division landed patrols along Morotai 's west and north coasts from April onwards , and these fought scattered skirmishes with small Japanese forces .
Later that year Norwich were elected to play in the Southern League and with increasing crowds , they were forced to leave Newmarket Road in 1908 , moving to The Nest , a disused chalk pit .
 With crowds continuing to rise , and with the Football Association raising concerns over the suitability of The Nest , the club considered renovation of the ground , but ultimately decided on a move to Carrow Road .
 1963 saw the record attendance for Carrow Road , with a crowd of 43 @,@ 984 for a 6th round FA Cup match against Leicester City , but in the wake of the Ibrox disaster in 1971 , safety licences were required by clubs which resulted in the capacity being drastically reduced to around 20 @,@ 000 .
As a result , many lesbians are not screened regularly with Pap smears .
The Greeks are also given credit with spreading the story of a mythological race of women warriors named Amazons .
 In 2011 , Madison Rayne would start a rivalry with Mickie James over the Knockouts Championship , and would successfully defend the title against her at Genesis and Against All Odds , after Tara interfered in both matches .
On May 15 at Sacrifice , Tara became a fan favorite after knocking out Rayne during her match with James , costing her the Knockouts Championship and guaranteeing herself a release from her contract with Rayne .
 Tara and Madison Rayne had their first match against each other since the break – up of their partnership on the May 19 episode of Impact Wrestling , where Tara teamed with Mickie James and Ms. Tessmacher against Rayne , Sarita and Rosita .
Entertainment Weekly gave the episode an " A " , describing it as " one of TV 's most disturbing hours " and as " a cinematic feast for the eyes , packed with audacious wit " .
In 2005 , the city council voted to replace all existing T1000 and T1300 stock with the MX3000 , increasing the order by another 30 units .
 The conditions for the race were dry , with a capacity crowd of some 40 @,@ 000 fans turning out to watch the race .
The character was originally intended to be a woman , and an actress was cast in the role , but after shooting her first scene the role was recast with Williams , an actor who had previous experience with writers Glen Morgan and James Wong .
The Daily Telegraph 's Robbie Collin praised the song " Making Today a Perfect Day " , stating that " it 's a lip @-@ smacking confection , dusted with pure icing sugar , and suggests that songwriters Kristen Anderson @-@ Lopez and Robert Lopez are capable of coming up with something special for the forthcoming feature @-@ length Frozen sequel . "
 CraveOnline 's Witney Seibold wrote that the film " is a celebration of the very kind of conspicuous consumerism that Disney is always smearing the landscape with . "
The gas station , which could not be rented , was created by building a store on the side of the road on the outskirts of Lancaster and fitting it with gas pumps from a station that had recently gone out of business .
The store was then loaded with merchandise obtained from restaurant supply houses and cooperative food manufactures .
It was later incorporated into the Kingdom of Croatia and , after its decline , the kingdom was ruled through a personal union with Hungary .
 The areas acquired through the Treaty of Karlowitz were assigned to Croatia , itself in the union with Hungary and the union ruled by the Habsburgs .
These guns , designed specifically for the Montanas , were to be the replacement for the 5 @-@ inch ( 127 mm ) / 38 cal secondary gun batteries then in widespread use with the US Navy .
Nests are well hidden , as they are built near bushes or tall grasses or overhanging rock with concealing vegetation .
Malikyan had impressed Spielberg with his performance in Midnight Express ( 1978 ) and would have auditioned for the role of Sallah in Raiders of the Lost Ark had a traffic jam not delayed his meeting with the director .
Resetting between takes took twenty minutes while the hydraulics were put to their starting positions and the cracks filled with plaster .
Instead , crews built a separate floor section that incorporated a pre @-@ scored crack sealed with plaster .
This was due to the possibility that one of the fuel lines in the engine compartment may have a rub condition with a fuel vapour hose clip , possibly causing a fuel smell to become evident .
They were required to hire an outside auditor to ensure compliance with the terms of the settlement .
Splitting the game lines created a rift between Gygax and Arneson as Gygax claimed AD & D was his own property and Arneson was due no royalties from it ; in 1979 , Arneson filed a lawsuit against TSR as a result , which was settled in March 1981 with the ruling that Arneson was not due compensation for the AD & D game .
, and he settled his disputes with TSR in December 1986 .
Torrens Linear Park rejuvenated the river , which had deteriorated to the extent of being a de facto " urban drain , littered with rubbish and inaccessible to the public " .
It is a hardy and docile pig , with Large Black sows known for having large litters .
It is adorned with many " doodles " , including a picture of Alf and a joking note that producer @-@ engineer Ari Levine " hangs out with Jamaican drug lords on the reg . "
Variations are seen , one form having a grey limb in bud , and plants with particularly tall flower spikes have been recorded near Huskisson at Jervis Bay .
A study of an area of extensive hybridization between B. robur and B. oblongifolia at Barren Grounds Nature Reserve revealed some plants with morphology suggestive of B. paludosa in their parentage , and requiring further investigation .
The convention of appointing a Prime Minister in a hung House but with conditions on time to prove majority was later adopted by President R Venkataraman .
In the off @-@ seasons , Samuelsson returns with his family to the Stockholm area , where he owns a home in Nykvarn .
She recorded her vocals for the song with Kuk Harrell at Record Plant Recording Studios , with additional vocal production from Josh Gudwin , Jim Annunziato and Birchett .
Annie confronts Silver , who felt insulted by Annie 's decision to hang out with Naomi .
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly described the pilot as " corny but trying to be hip , crammed with subplots until the producers figure out which ones the audience responds to . "
Players execute each move by pressing a button in conjunction with a tilt of the control stick or a press of the D @-@ pad , depending on the mode of control .
These associations are mutualistic , because the fungus absorbs mineral nutrients from the soil and channels these into the plant , while the plant provides the fungus with sugars , a product of photosynthesis .
 On the July 2 , 2007 edition of Raw , Runnels made his television debut , using the ring name Cody Rhodes , in a backstage segment with his father Dusty Rhodes and Randy Orton , where Orton introduced himself to Rhodes and then slapped Dusty as a sign of disrespect .
The following week , Rhodes teamed up with Mickie James to defeat Daivari and Jillian Hall , ending their scripted rivalry .
Over the next few weeks , his brother Goldust also lost to Orton with Cody 's reinstatement on the line , while his father Dusty Rhodes was knocked out by Big Show while pleading for his sons to get their jobs back .
The resultant flooding caused widespread problems with the infrastructure of the island .
 According to the custom of our ancestors , the punishment instituted for parricide was as follows ; A parricide is flogged with blood @-@ colored rods , then sewn up in a sack with a dog , a dunghill cock , a viper , and a monkey ; then the sack is thrown into the depths of the sea .
This is not execution by the sword or by fire , or any ordinary form of punishment , but the criminal is sewn up in a sack with a dog , a cock , a viper , and an ape , and in this dismal prison is thrown into the sea or a river , according to the nature of the locality , in order that even before death he may begin to be deprived of the enjoyment of the elements , the air being denied him while alive , and interment in the earth when dead .
With the new king 's intention of spreading his circle of supporters , some members of the family were probably gifted with estates in Hungary .
Peter Hammond of Maxim describes American Pie Presents : Beta House as " loaded with sex , laughs and raunchy fun , " writing that it " may be the most outrageous slice of pie yet ! "
The loss led the government to settle with the tribe for $ 12 million .
 The loss in court prompted the federal government to settle with the tribe for approximately $ 12 million in 2005 .
@ 5 degrees , with the loading angle at maximum elevation .
After learning Vincent killed Rae , Simone decides to leave Harmony with her sister to help her settle in New Orleans , and with her pregnancy .
Amelia Marshall was hired for the role because of her past work with James E. Reilly on Guiding Light .
Several items related to the Russell family were offered for sale , including Vincent 's disguise as the " Blackmailer " ( without the mask ) and Eve 's medical coat splattered with blood from her botched surgery on Julian .
Historically , the Pembroke has been attributed to the influx of dogs alongside Flemish weavers from around the 10th century , while the Cardigan is attributed to the dogs brought with Norse settlers , in particular a common ancestor of the Swedish Vallhund .
Robin Leach said of the show that , " Magicjam is great fun and a high @-@ energy show packed with mind @-@ blowing magic . "
The employment of Jews and Muslims to administer the royal revenues led him into conflict with the Holy See and the Hungarian prelates .
Roman returned to Halych and expelled Vladimir Igorevich with the help of Hungarian auxiliary troops .
 Each prison cell is 10 square metres ( 110 sq ft ) and has a flat @-@ screen television , desk , mini @-@ fridge , toilet with shower , and unbarred vertical window that lets in more light .
 When first released , the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus shipped pre @-@ loaded with iOS 8 , while the iPhone 5s shipped pre @-@ loaded with iOS 7 .
With the ship fully loaded , at 62 @,@ 600 long tons ( 63 @,@ 600 t ) , draft rose significantly , to 11 @.
At the same time , Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) starts up a fake relationship with actor James Franco in order to counteract rumors that he is in love with a Japanese body pillow .
At the same time , Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) enters a fake relationship with actor James Franco , in order to counteract rumors that he is in love with a Japanese body pillow .
He returned to the United States in December 1926 and was with the Engineer Reproduction Plant at the Army War College until 31 August 1929 .
 Crowds of people gathered in New York to witness the historic arrival , with tens of thousands of people crowding Battery Park in Manhattan to have a good view of the Statue of Liberty , where the aircraft was scheduled to touch down .
Because of the complicated and technical nature of the operation , which would see the plant rigged with explosives and then detonated , it was believed that a minimum of twelve to sixteen men would be required , and that they would all have to be skilled engineers .
When this portion of the training had been completed , the sappers were then transferred to the area around Fort William in Scotland , where they were familiarized with a hydroelectric plant similar in design to the one in Norway , and received training on the most efficient way to plant explosives in the Norsk Hydro plant to cause maximum damage .
At the end of the show , Stewie walks in on the family with his head wrapped in bandages , revealing that many months have passed since his accident , he asks what happened to him .
All students received financial aid , with the average aid package $ 13 @,@ 956 .
A stage was built in preparation for the performances with long dark drapes and large speakers , and according to Billboard was so that over one thousand fans nearby could hear the performance .
After the engagement at Cowan 's Ford , citizens between the Catawba and Yadkin rivers who were sympathetic to the Patriots became panicked , and many fled their homes with whatever valuables they could pack in a short period of time .
Representing the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning of Game 1 at Sportsman 's Park , Musial grounded out with the bases loaded to seal a Yankees victory .
 On January 29 , 1825 , while at the Wiggins Hotel in lower town , area resident Daniel D. Smith was stabbed to death following an argument with James Stephenson , James Henry and Palemon Winchester .
The book has been variously described as clever , engaging , and fun — but overstuffed with comic book tropes .
Today , tamarix thickets are still widespread in the floodplains , and the banks are cultivated with fruit orchards and vegetable fields .
 Seattle Sounders continued breaking the MLS attendance record for the fourth and fifth consecutive year in 2012 and 2013 with the average crowd of 43 @,@ 144 and 44 @,@ 038 respectively
The library includes a Pat Nixon room , a Pat Nixon amphitheater , and rose gardens planted with the red @-@ black Pat Nixon Rose developed by a French company in 1972 , when she was first lady .
 The Z @-@ 4 Plan was a proposed basis for negotiations to end the Croatian War of Independence with a political settlement .
Next is the stack interchange with I @-@ 96 ( Jeffries Freeway ) with access to both the local and express lanes of that freeway .
Starr 's stay with Sheridan was short @-@ lived , as he found Sheridan 's habit of changing the set list without telling his backing group beforehand frustrating , so he rejoined the Hurricanes .
The scientists also wanted a flat area to minimize secondary effects of the blast , and with little wind to spread radioactive fallout .
Because dust thrown up by vehicles interfered with some of the instrumentation , some 20 miles ( 32 km ) of road was sealed at a cost of $ 5 @,@ 000 a mile .
Hunt 's signing coincided with the signing of Wallaby James O 'Connor from French Top 14 side Toulon .
After this he was quiet with few possessions and left the field with cramp in the third quarter .
It was released for the PlayStation 3 on February 8 , 2011 , with a release on the Xbox 360 on August 27 , 2011 along with the Blacksmith Pack which adds one additional character and five new weapons .
In 2013 , Ford launched the first flex fuel car with direct injection : the Focus 2 @.
 Also , there is ongoing research regarding sugarcane biological nitrogen fixation , with the most promising plant varieties showing yields three times the national average in soils of very low fertility , thus avoiding nitrogenous fertilization .
The installation of new ethanol production plants will not be permitted on these locations , and only existing plants and new ones with environmental licensed already approved before September 17 , 2009 , will be allowed to remain operating in these sensitive areas .
concluded that the major driver behind the 2007 – 2008 rise in food prices was speculative activity on futures markets under conditions of increased demand in a market with low grain stocks .
 In Worthy Fights : A Memoir of Leadership in War and Peace , Leon Panetta wrote that bin Laden 's body was draped in a white shroud , given final prayers in Arabic and placed inside a black bag loaded with heavy metals of 300 pounds ( 140 kg ) of iron chains inside apparently to ensure that it would sink and never float .
 The claim that the bird fed on river molluscs was criticised by Alphonse Milne @-@ Edwards and Emile Oustalet in 1893 , with the later agreement of James Greenway in 1967 , as blue pigeons are principally arboreal .
 When she was a girl and used to go into the forest with her father de Chazal , she has seen quantities of Pigeon Hollandais and Merles [ Hypsipetes olivaceus ] , both species were so tame they might be knocked down with sticks , & her father used to kill more that way than by shooting them , as she was a nervous child .
Her father always warned her before he fired , but she would entreat him to knock the bird down with his stick & not to shoot it – she said the last Pigeon Hollandais she saw was about 27 years ago just after she married poor old Moon , it was brought out of the forest by a marron .
The move caused serious logistical problems as the roads around the Island and Westervoort became jammed with traffic .
He then ascended the turnbuckle to perform the maneuver once again , but was distracted by Angle and Booker T. Later , Styles missed a pele kick on Sting , which allowed Sting to counter with a small package pin on Styles to retain the championship .
Young and Bashir fought for the championship once again at Final Resolution , with referee Shane Sewell interfering in the bout like he had done in the previous encounter , which allowed Young to gain the victory .
Rats treated with a single injection of niobium pentachloride or niobates show a median lethal dose ( LD50 ) between 10 and 100 mg / kg .
I think people stuck me with something . "
The story concludes with the remixers and OCD 's staff escaping with the package on Kid Loco 's plane .
 On October 25 , 1909 , Pliny Holt purchased the factory , and immediately began preparing the plant for operations with 12 employees .
 Pliny E. Holt , the son of Benjamin 's half @-@ brother , William Harrison Holt , had been working with Stockton Wheel Company for the past nine years .
 Fishermen in the North Sea have had to find other work because of a form of eczema ( a skin disease ) known as " Dogger Bank itch " , caused by contact with bryozoans that have stuck to nets and lobster pots .
Though she received a Filmfare Best Actress nomination for her performance , critics were divided in their response , with Shilpa Jamkhandikar of Reuters calling her " loud and exasperating " , and Andy Webster of The New York Times ' comparing her to a young Anne Hathaway and highlighting her " Julia Roberts @-@ like smile " .
For example , Jerry Coyne asks why a designer would " give us a pathway for making vitamin C , but then destroy it by disabling one of its enzymes " ( see pseudogene ) and why a designer would not " stock oceanic islands with reptiles , mammals , amphibians , and freshwater fish , despite the suitability of such islands for these species " .
The goal of the IDM is not to encourage critical thought , but to foment a revolution which would supplant evolutionary theory with ID .
 The song was at the centre of a controversy surrounding " ninety @-@ minute bigots " , an expression allegedly coined by former Rangers chairman Sir David Murray : " Ninety @-@ minute Bigots do not hold beliefs but nonetheless sing songs at football matches which are sectarian , simply to join in with the rest of the crowd . "
Writing for The Vancouver Sun , Leah Collins described the song as " a pumping anthem designed to pump up your follicles with pride . "
At the same time , Debbage notes " ... the multi @-@ movements found on the challenging ' In Dreams Awake ' ... " and says that it " ... opens with an extended piece of strings that almost appear to be battling against each other , only to move into a beautiful dreamy midsection to once again return to the more chaotic strings , much like our nonsensical dreams " .
 In reference to the song " Secrets of the Sun " , Binkelman describes " lush strings and gorgeous new age synths with the piano melody here brimming with a blend of the ethereal and the romantic with a dash of wistfulness besides " .
Back track to ' Secrets Of The Sun ' that gently sways in the piano and string arrangements with similar results found on ' The Edge Of My Heart ' .
The Dallas Morning News ' Lennox Samuels appreciated the light @-@ hearted theme of the song and complimented Madonna and Leonard for not sticking with personal subject matters only on the album .
It consisted of a black mini @-@ dress trimmed and stitched with a stuffed West African stork , called the marabou .
Clement , moved by his guest 's tales of suffering at the hands of the Roman popes , loaded him with gifts and honours and sent him north to Paris .
Historian Gregory Dowd argues that most Native Americans involved in Pontiac 's Rebellion were not immediately threatened with displacement by white settlers , and that historians have therefore overemphasized British colonial expansion as a cause of the war .
 In London , a golden bullet with James Bond 's code " 007 " etched into its surface is received by MI6 .
It 's loaded with variety and will engage your mind , not just your reflexes " .
A tsuzumi , called the san @-@ no @-@ tsuzumi is another small drum in gagaku that is placed horizontally and struck with a thin stick .
Sir Charles Lock Eastlake painted a portrait of Napoleon in uniform , standing on Bellerophon 's deck , while John James Chalon produced Scene in Plymouth Sound in August 1815 , a seascape , with Bellerophon surrounded by crowds of people in small boats .
 Orlando 's father comes forward with a piece of evidence — his mailbox had been stuffed with shredded banknotes .
The new editions were larger sized , with color dust jackets and higher quality paper than the normal volumes .
The parade marchers , arriving by buses and cars decorated with stickers , flags , and blue and yellow signs , had been gathering since early in the morning .
The ceremony concluded with the crowd singing Ukraine 's national anthem , Shche ne vmerla Ukraina ( English : Ukraine Has Not Yet Died ) .
Album launches in Sydney and Melbourne were attempted , but were unsuccessful as both cities were very crowded with musicians at the time ; Donovan said " it seemed like every band in the country was doing a tour then and we couldn 't get any venues " .
Pitchfork Media 's Joe Tangari described the album as " so stuffed with ideas and instruments that it 's wont to rupture from time to time " .
During that period , southern Japanese leaders such as Saigō Takamori of Satsuma , or Itō Hirobumi and Inoue Kaoru of Chōshū cultivated personal connections with British diplomats , notably Ernest Mason Satow .
Afterward , Ann continues to move away her previous straight man role by going on a string of dates with many random men .
Security forces clashed with protesters using tear gas and rubber bullets , but police were overwhelmed by protesters .
@ 1 m3 ) , were outfitted with a complete refrigeration plant so that she could carry perishable products from the West Coast — such as fresh produce from Southern California farms — to the East Coast .
To improve the separation , the tower is normally provided inside with horizontal plates or trays as shown in image 5 , or the column is packed with a packing material .
However , when modeling packed columns it is useful to compute a number of theoretical plates to denote the separation efficiency of the packed column with respect to more traditional trays .
The pilot introduces the series ' protagonist , Dexter Morgan ( Michael C. Hall ) , a Miami Metro Police Department blood spatter analyst with a double life as a serial killer .
The aircraft 's landing gear consisted of airbags at the end of each arm of the frame along with a large rubber float in the middle , allowing for amphibious capability , although this arrangement was later replaced by a pair of conventional helicopter @-@ type skids .
People with latent TB do not spread the disease .
Quincy Jones passed on the song itself but liked the title and , with James Ingram , fashioned a totally new song with that title .
She displaced 18 @,@ 873 t ( 18 @,@ 575 long tons ) with a standard load , and 20 @,@ 535 t ( 20 @,@ 211 long tons ) fully laden .
Alex decides to stop the ship by diving underneath it and jamming the propeller with a steel cable .
Speed screenwriter Graham Yost had an idea for a film involving a boat , with a Vietnam War @-@ era vessel loaded with weapons that would explode if its ammunition came in contact with water .
The scene was later reshot with divers above the camera dusting the area in front of the lens with sediment to alter the clarity of the footage .
Time said that Patric 's character was " fundamentally uninteresting " , but blamed de Bont and the screenwriters for " not providing their actors with stuff to act " .
 After the Fall of France , a small number of French scientists escaped to Britain with their stock of heavy water .
After the Fall of France , they had escaped to Britain with their stock of heavy water .
When hunting the kite hovers with its body hanging almost vertically , and its head into the wind .
Low sales and financial difficulties led to a merger with Packard in 1954 , itself in financial trouble .
 Kaiser , Allstate , Frazer and the economy / compact Henry J product lines all ceased production before the end of the 1955 model year run , partly owing to their failure to produce and market a viable V8 engine in a marketplace increasingly focused on the clout ( and horsepower ) associated with a V8 power plant .
Then , working with Baird Brandow and Albert Petschek , he came up with an approximation that converted the scattering equation into an easily solved differential equation .
After forays against Giurgiu to secure trains loaded with coal and oil , in November Enns and other ships supported the crossing of the Danube by von Mackensen 's army at Sistow .
Thơ was thrown into a crowded cell with several other prisoners that had no light or toilet and filled with their own excrement .
 While superficially similar to The Coral Finder , Cleopatra is more closely related to the style of Jean @-@ Baptiste Regnault , with its deliberately cramped and crowded composition .
During his career Boycott frequently clashed with other strong personalities at the club , including Fred Trueman , Brian Close and Ray Illingworth , but remained popular with the Yorkshire crowds .
He is especially known for several stock phrases that have become his recognised trademarks in the cricket @-@ watching world , notably ( of dropped catches ) that his mother or grandmother " could have caught that in her pinny " or ( of an easy batting miss ) that they could have " hit the ball with a stick of rhubarb . "
While chasing a puck at high speed , he lost control and crashed into the end boards after Hartford rookie Patrick Poulin shoved MacInnis with his stick .
The nest is a small , deep , round cup , woven from small pieces of grass and soft bark , especially Melaleuca bark , bound with spider web and lined with plant down , such as from Banksias , or cow hair or wool .
 Hoskins describes how England was settled with Anglo @-@ Saxon people between c .
As Merina presence and authority in the former Betsimisaraka kingdom grew , many local farmers migrated to areas outside Merina control or sought employment with European settlers on plantations where they might be afforded some protection .
 The Betsimisaraka economy remains largely agricultural , with many cultivating vanilla and rice .
Regarding his official residence , Jeter settled a tax dispute with the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance in 2008 .
 When Carl has a chance to prove his creative talents during a visit from prestigious critic and blogger Ramsey Michel , Riva demands that he stick with old favorites at the last minute , causing Carl to concede , leading to a scathing review .
It is one of three or four related species with hanging inflorescences , which is an unusual feature within the genus .
The seeds are separated by a sturdy dark brown seed separator that is roughly the same shape as the seeds with a depression where the seed body sits adjacent to it in the follicle .
It is strewn with broken lorries , wagons , dead Turks , horses and oxen ; mostly killed and smashed by our bombing aeroplanes .
 The Royal Air Force provided Allenby with timely aerial reconnaissance reports , and its attacks with bombs and machine guns spread " destruction , death , and terror behind the enemy 's lines .
Wattle and daub houses use a " wattle " of poles interwoven with sticks to provide stability for mud walls .
It will typically be plastered inside and out with a mix of lime , soil and sand .
Closely stacking the blocks and covering them with a polythene sheet may help reduce water loss .
An earth house may be set into a slope , with windows or door openings in one or more of its sides , or the building may be on ground level , but with earth mounded against the walls , and perhaps with an earth roof .
Some groups plastered the whole structure with mud , which dried to form a shell .
 Wattle and daub is an old building technique in which vines or smaller sticks are interwoven between upright poles , and then mud mixed with straw and grass is plastered over the wall .
In Cahokia , now in Illinois , USA , wattle and daub houses were built with the floor lowered by 1 to 3 feet ( 0 @.
The roof was made with poles or brush , covered with prairie grass , and then sealed with a layer of sod .
A tulou is a large , enclosed and fortified earth building , rectangular or circular , with very thick load @-@ bearing rammed earth walls between three and five stories high .
The bodies were heaped on top of each other with two beer glasses lying near to them .
He finished his playing career with Russian club Rubin Kazan in 2006 .
On 22 August 2005 , Kinkladze played his last game for Anorthosis against Omonia in the Cypriot Super Cup and two days later , on the day of the second leg of the tie against Rangers , he left to close a deal with Rubin .
While training Stewie , Peter injects him with performance @-@ enhancing drugs , and Stewie becomes incredibly muscular .
After Stewie is injected with steroids , he lifts a barbell on one side and says " I have the power ! "
During another surgery , Cleveland was fitted with a hard rubber dental prosthesis that corrected his speech and restored his appearance .
The court case began in March 1980 , eventually settling out of court with Showbiz agreeing to pay Pizza Time Theatre a portion of its profits over the following decade .
Barère 's account describes Vengeur as sinking from the shots that would have holed her hull ; actually , Cyprien Renaudin mentions only two such holes in the lower hull of Vengeur and a noise " like a strong waterfall " at the poop , which he could not identify ; this is consistent with James ' account of " the Brunswick , by a few well @-@ directed shot , split the Vengeur 's rudder , and shattered her stern @-@ post ; besides making a large hole in her counter , through which the water rushed in great quantity . "
The story tells of a poor immigrant Hebrew girl who falls in love with a settlement worker , who returns her affection , which finally results in their marriage . "
In Severance : Stories , the 2006 story book containing 62 postmortem monologues , each 240 @-@ words long , by Robert Olen Butler , a Pulitzer Award winning writer , Mansfield 's death is included along with James Dean , John the Baptist , Maximilien Robespierre , Marie Antoinette , Cicero and others .
Rogen and Goldberg were on board to produce along with James Weaver through Point Grey Pictures , while Columbia was said to finance the $ 30 million budgeted film .
This was a small change as TNA intended to stick with the other names used for PPVs throughout 2005 .
 A Six Man Tag Team Hockey Stick Fight with Kip James as Special Guest Referee between 3Live Kru ( B.G.
Near the end , Sabu tried to hit Abyss with a steal chair wrapped in barbed @-@ wire , but Abyss countered the maneuver .
This led to Abyss slamming Sabu back @-@ first onto the barbed @-@ wire wrapped steal chair with his signature Black Hole Slam maneuver to win the encounter at 10 minutes and 48 seconds .
, by bashing Sabu over the head with a barbed wire wrapped steal chair .
Ray Robinson thought that Kippax 's batting " had a silky quality not seen in any other player of his time or since " ; he captivated the crowds with his late cut when he , " made a lissom bow over the ball and stroked it away with the bat 's face downward , as if to squeeze the ball into the ground " .
However , the number eleven batsman Hal Hooker stuck with his captain as the score gradually mounted and the opposition ’ s frustrations grew .
The ship sailed on 12 February with on a load of wheat flour and transited the Panama Canal on 1 and 2 March .
 Since 2003 , Jovovich has worked with musician Maynard James Keenan , of Tool and A Perfect Circle , on his Industrial side project Puscifer , contributing vocals to the track " REV 22 : 20 " , which was featured on various film soundtracks in its original or a remixed form .
The rim is reinforced with bark bound by spiderwebs and caterpillar silk , and the cup is lined with plant down from milkweed , thistle , or cattail .
This scene is a parody of that of the infamous sequence shown in director Stanley Kubrick 's 1987 war film Full Metal Jacket , in which the Marine recruits take turns striking Private Pyle with bars of soap wrapped in towels as punishment for frequently getting them in trouble .
All the lakes in the High Lakes Area are periodically replanted with varying species of trout .
 The Second World War caused a drastic setback to the emerging breed , with the vast majority of breeding stock destroyed because of wartime hardship and food shortages .
Upon his death his widow added a large hanging worked with images of his victories , apparently previously hanging at their house , and a gold torc .
Even when leaving reality behind , however , Richardson considers that Fleming , " even with his forked tongue sticking right through his cheek , ... remains maniacally readable " .
In reviewing Apostolidès ' book , Nathan Perl @-@ Rosenthal of The New Republic thought that it was " not for the faint of heart : it is densely @-@ packed with close textual analysis and laden with psychological jargon . "
Sue Buswell summarised the perceived problems with the book in 1988 as " all to do with rubbery lips and heaps of dead animals " , although Thompson noted this quote may have been " taken out of context " .
The ships were designed with a single hangar 124 m ( 406 ft 10 in ) long and 18 m ( 59 ft ) wide .
 The ship left Kure on 17 January 1943 and sailed for Truk with a load of aircraft .
( This is a parody from Pirates of the Caribbean ( attraction ) ) As riders pass through the waterfall , they get sprayed with water effects .
Brady MacDonald of the Los Angeles Times described the ride as " visually stunning " and said it " truly delivers — with loads of in @-@ jokes and satire for serious fanatics and tons of thrills and fun for casual fans . "
 Jay Cridlin of the St. Petersburg Times wrote that " the ride is packed with more original , funny material than you 'd expect to see in a sitcom , much less a theme park . "
 While figures are not available for Oslyabya , one Russian account after the battle said that the Borodinos were approximately 1 @,@ 700 long tons ( 1 @,@ 700 t ) overweight as they were overloaded with coal and other supplies that were stored high in the ships , reducing their stability .
Oslyabya 's main armor belt was fully submerged with a full load , much less any additional coal and supplies , and thus the four @-@ inch @-@ thick upper armor was the only available protection for the ship 's waterline .
This was a game employing roughly similar cuts , thrusts and parries as were used with the cutlass , but as it was played with wooden sticks with wicker hand guards ; hits , although painful , were not often dangerous .
The rest of the American crew were rendered docile by the expedient of a carpenter cutting scuttles ( holes ) in the maindeck through which two 18 @-@ pounder cannon , loaded with grapeshot , were pointed at them .
He struck 128 and 76 against a New South Wales team composed mainly of Test players , but Victoria 's arch @-@ rivals hung on for a draw with three wickets in hand .
 The Peruvian government investigated the accident , and in its final report concluded that the probable cause of the accident was the improper execution of engine @-@ out procedures by the flight crew , with contributing factors of improper loading of the aircraft and improper maintenance procedures by company personnel .
Contracts were made that allowed for the French , South Korean , Taiwanese , and Mainland Chinese companies to release the five volumes at the same time as the original company ; French , Chinese , and Korean language editions were published through a partnership with Beijing Total Vision Culture Spreads .
These plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
 Nevada Solar One is a solar thermal plant with a 64 MW generating capacity , located near Boulder City , Nevada .
 Solar thermal power plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .
Solar thermal power plants designed for solar @-@ only generation are well matched to summer noon peak loads in prosperous areas with significant cooling demands , such as the south @-@ western United States .
 Concentrating solar plants in the Mojave Desert have brought up issues of water use , because concentrating solar power plants with wet @-@ cooling systems have high water @-@ consumption intensities compared to other types of electric power plants ; only fossil @-@ fuel plants with carbon @-@ capture and storage may have higher water intensities .
A 2013 study comparing various sources of electricity found that the median water consumption during operations of concentrating solar power plants with wet cooling was 810 ga / MWhr for power tower plants and 890 gal / MWhr for trough plants .
A 2011 study by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory came to similar conclusions : for power plants with cooling towers , water consumption during operations was 865 gal / MWhr for CSP trough , 786 gal / MWhr for CSP tower , 687 gal / MWhr for coal , 672 gal / MWhr for nuclear , and 198 gal / MWhr for natural gas .
The four existing CSP plants with dry @-@ cooled systems were the three power plants at the Ivanpah Solar Power Facility near Barstow , California , and the Genesis Solar Energy Project in Riverside County , California .
 Some concentrated solar power plants with power tower designs in the Mojave Desert have come under scrutiny for bird mortality .
In 1429 another royal enemy , Alexander , Lord of the Isles , was held at Tantallon until his reconciliation with King James I two years later .
Capital 's switchboard was jammed with callers wanting to know when the song was going to be released – on one occasion Everett aired the song 36 times in one day .
The band 's performance of " We Will Rock You " with solo artist Jessie J was opened with a remastered video of Mercury 's " call and response " routine from 1986 's Wembley Stadium performance , with the 2012 crowd at the Olympic Stadium responding appropriately .
 The Bhagavata Purana narrates further that the grief @-@ stricken Rati goes mad by Kama 's death and in the Matsya Purana and the Padma Purana versions , she smears herself with her husband 's ashes .
 Between June 30 and July 1 , Tingting brushed the Bonin Islands with heavy rainfall and high winds .
To reload a torpedo tube with a torpedo from one of the above @-@ deck canisters , the submarine would have to surface in calm water .
 Recruitment from amongst Roman citizens had become greatly curtailed as a consequence of a declining population , " cripplingly numerous " categories of those exempted from military service and the spread of Christianity with its pacifist message .
Reviewers also recognised SSX 3 's open world as innovative , with Williams finding that the loading times allow players to ride across long distances " without having to wait a single second for the environments to load into memory " .
Those who had taken refuge in the monkey house later described scenes where zoo workers pursued the animals with various equipment including brushes and dart guns .
Madonna dances and sings the song , while she is showered with cash , expensive jewellery , furs and is carried by the men over the stairs .
It consisted of a hat strewn with fake fruits , flowers and feathers , jeweled batwing spectacles with heavy , black frames , a ruffled skirt , a bodice covered with objects like watches and dolls and fishnets .
For purposes of such tallies , the FAO definition of a breed is " either a subspecific group of domestic livestock with definable and identifiable external characteristics that enable it to be separated by visual appraisal from other similarly defined groups within the same species or a group for which geographical and / or cultural separation from phenotypically similar groups has led to acceptance of its separate identity . "
Research conducted in Imperial County , California compared lamb grazing with herbicides for weed control in seedling alfalfa fields .
 Taste is the most important sense in sheep establishing forage preferences , with sweet and sour plants being preferred and bitter plants being more commonly rejected .
Polak wrote that the joystick let players aim with a remarkable amount of precision .
If the modification is carried out , the E @-@ 3s could take off with full fuel loads using runways only 10 @,@ 000 ft ( 3 @,@ 000 m ) long , and also at higher ambient temperatures and lower barometric pressures , such as from bases in mountainous areas .
Referring to A Case of Identity , they find the letter U on the inside of the man 's pants ; " It tells me to finish everything piercing a white back with two swords " refers to the logo of a local porcelain store which displays an ornament with strings and bells attached on the end .
Referring to A Study in Scarlet , they locate a red string with the letter R. Rearranging the letters results in Saturn , a reference to Saturday .
The faces of the soldiers were dark with dust and exhaust fumes .
Marge reveals that she was against suing Mr. Burns from the start and would have been happy with settling the case by having him apologizing for the incident and paying for Bart 's medical bills .
On the other hand , Herrera was impressed with the " choruses that stick with the listener for days . "
It had charted before being released in the album 's debut week in the United States due to strong digital download sales on par with " Tik Tok " , which influenced RCA 's decision to release it as the next single .
In late 2009 , he met producer Tricky Stewart , who helped Ocean sign a contract with Def Jam Recordings as a solo artist .
Mechanical sewing machines were introduced in 1851 with the promise that they would liberate women from household drudgery .
 In an attempt to eventually supplant Christianity with a ' new @-@ old ' religion more amenable to Nazi ideology Himmler , together with Alfred Rosenberg , sought to replace it with Asatru ( the indigenous traditional religion or Volksreligion of the Teutonic peoples ) , of which the Japanese Shinto was seen as an almost perfect East @-@ Asian counterpart .
Earthquake hit Hogan with a chair and jumped on his stomach with an Earthquake splash .
Rhodes made a brief comeback , but Savage was able to pin him after hitting him with Sherri 's purse , which was said to be loaded with a heavy object .
 After Martel returned from his injury , he was placed in a storyline in which he blinded Jake Roberts by spraying him in the face with cologne on the Brother Love Show .
 Drying tubes are frequently packed with calcium chloride .
independently observed a reduced breast cancer risk when women were injected with hCG for weight loss or infertility treatment .
Before every home football game , the Saddle Tramps wrap it with red crêpe paper , a tradition dating back to 1969 and a loss to Texas A & M after which the statue was found covered in maroon paint in an apparent prank .
He cut her hair by putting a bowl on her head and shearing off anything that wasn 't covered up , afterwards plastering what remained with soap to give it a " spiky , untidy look " , then " flicked talc into her face to give it the pallor of a kabuki performer . "
Three of these Ages are Amateria , a mechanical Age in the middle of a vast sea ; Edanna , a world of preserved nature , with abundant plant and animal life ; and Voltaic , a dusty island riddled with canyons filled with man @-@ made constructions .
In 2011 , singer Rihanna 's music video for the song " S & M " was compared to " Human Nature " ' s music video with James Montgomery from MTV News saying that the video for " S & M " was not a new concept and was done in the video for " Human Nature " .
The Torajan troops were armed with rifles , spears , boulders , swords , and chili pepper extract , sprayed into enemy eyes with a device called a tirik lada , or blowgun , to blind them .
Shusett came up with the idea that one of the crew members could be implanted with an alien embryo that would later burst out of him , feeling that this was an interesting plot device by which the alien creature could get aboard the ship .
For the interior of the derelict spacecraft and egg chamber he used dried bones together with plaster to sculpt much of the scenery and elements .
East of US 202 , DE 92 is a four @-@ lane divided highway called Naamans Road that passes through suburban areas to the north of Wilmington , interchanging with Interstate 95 ( I @-@ 95 ) in Claymont .
Lauren Moraski from CBS News felt that Gaga was in " full @-@ force " during the concert and " seemed right at home " with the New York crowd .
When he slept , it was with a loaded pistol under his pillow .
All tracks were co @-@ written by Minogue , with additional song writing assistance by James Dean Bradfield , Dave Ball , Ingo Vauk , Steve Anderson and David Seaman .
Lucan 's already embattled finances were given a welcome boost by his father , who provided him with a marriage settlement designed to finance a larger family home and any future additions to the Lucan family tree .
Two witnesses were called to the courtroom , which was packed with reporters ; Roger Rivett , who confirmed that he had identified his wife 's body , and the pathologist , Keith Simpson , who confirmed that Rivett had died from being hit on the head with a blunt instrument .
With half the maximum load , ten 50 kg ( 110 lb ) bombs , additional fuel tanks could be placed into the forward part of the bomb bay to increase range .
 The prototypes for the M @-@ 1 series were Do 17M V1 ( Wrk Nr 691 ) and Do 17M V2 ( Wrk Nr 692 ) which were tested with bomb loads of a medium bomber .
With the updates , the Dornier , with a full bomb load , had a combat radius of 322 km ( 200 mi ) .
Later variants , in the Do 17 Z @-@ 3 , Z @-@ 4 and Z @-@ 5 , which were fitted with cameras , dual trainer controls and flotation aids ( for maritime operations ) respectively , still could not solve the problems with range and bomb load .
 Lightning Bolt are known for their guerrilla @-@ style live performances , where they typically play on the ground rather than a stage , with the crowd gathered around them .
He used this four @-@ string setup for several years , but has recently been seen using a five @-@ string setup , tuned to C G D A E , with banjo strings for the A and E. Gibson also uses several effects pedals , including overdrive pedals , an octaver , a delay pedal , and a whammy pedal ( pitch shifter ) .
The league managed to take back control of the team from the Giants ; after the Orioles forfeited a game because they lacked enough active players , Johnson ordered that the team be " restocked with players essentially given away by the other teams in order to play out the schedule " , according to author Marty Appel .
However , Smith knew that Belmar was not a fast runner in the mud and that Sloan would not push the horse to win because he disliked being splattered with mud .
The drop in production , combined with massive spending of appreciated rubles by Russian soldiers and officials , caused widespread shortages .
It was built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
 The Joes locate the secret base and fly there , as McCullen loads three missiles with nanowarheads , which are aimed for Beijing , Moscow , and Washington , DC , the world 's three most important cities .
After freeing Duke , the Baroness is subdued , as the Doctor reveals he has implanted her with nanomites , which has put her under his control for the past four years .
 In the seventh inning , Langston allowed a single to Mike Blowers , then allowed Tino Martinez on base via fielder 's choice , then hit Joey Cora to load the bases with two outs .
Following a ten @-@ year lapse , the society made arrangements with James Gregory of Jersey City and Daniel McIntyre of Philadelphia to finance a lottery " for raising a sum of money not exceeding twenty thousand dollars , for the purpose of erecting a suitable building for their accommodation , the purchase of library and Philosophical apparatus . "
These nine members tasked with rebuilding the society were James L. Armstrong , David Entler , William Harper , John C. Heiskell , Andrew Wodrow Kercheval , Samuel R. Lupton , James Parsons , Alfred P. White , and Robert White .
The group made their first official public appearance as a four piece on The Late Late Show with James Corden on 14 May , where they confirmed that they would continue working without a new fifth member .
He noted that Free continued " the mood of some of the songs of the first album and the melodies and mixing up some of the heavy stuff with the programming .
 Clayton was an incorporator and a director of the Patterson 's Creek and Potomac Railroad Company , which was chartered on March 15 , 1900 with a capital stock of $ 20 @,@ 000 .
Given how hard it was to find decent housing , they decided instead to share with Helge Rubinstein and her husband , the literary agent Hilary Rubinstein , who at the time was working for his uncle , Victor Gollancz .
During her visits , a red carpet and garlands were put out and the air was sprayed with deodorant .
In June 2008 , he joined Habitat for Humanity to work with Thirty Seconds to Mars on a home being repaired and renovated through the Greater Los Angeles Area 's " A Brush With Kindness " programme .
He continued to attend the lodge and Grober would talk up his appearances to other guests such as when on one occasion , Sinatra played a jam session with big band leader Harry James and actress and singer Betty Grable .
Jebe and Subutai planned to advance south and capture Baghdad , the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate , and hold it for ransom while the Caliph was in Iraq @-@ i Ajam with a small army .
 With this arrangement settled , the Mongols attacked the alliance 's army and routed it .
The original house was designed for use by John Fortin , a prosperous wine merchant , with a vaulted cellar for holding stock , a shop at the front of the property and accommodation for the family ; much of it was built in stone , but it featured a timber front , a fashionable design for the period .
D 'Antonio stated in an interview that " after three years of hanging out with the dude , and considering him a brother , to just get an email was a little bit harsh . "
However , his heavy workload with the ball affected his health ; he lost a stone in weight during the tour , and before the final Test a Melbourne doctor diagnosed that he had " strained the right side of his heart " and advised that he see a specialist .
 Having settled his disagreement with Surrey , Crawford resumed his English first @-@ class cricket career in 1919 .
 with Rubin , Leslie .
 In January 2014 , Johansson resigned from her Oxfam position after facing criticism for her promotion of SodaStream , whose main factory is based in Mishor Adumim , an Israeli settlement in the West Bank , as Oxfam opposes all trade with such Israeli settlements .
Arroyo elected not to try to aggressively descend any of the four large climbs on course in the final road race stage , settling for second place by riding with Basso and the other top riders in the peloton most of the day .
@ 3 m ) with a normal load of 400 long tons ( 406 t ; 448 short tons ) of coal on board .
The gas and dust within M31 is generally formed into several overlapping rings , with a particularly prominent ring formed at a radius of 32 @,@ 000 light @-@ years ( 2 @.
 The ancient Greeks noticed that amber attracted small objects when rubbed with fur .
He returns to Jill and injects her with a vaccine , saving her .
 On the Origin of Species proved unexpectedly popular , with the entire stock of 1 @,@ 250 copies oversubscribed when it went on sale to booksellers on 22 November 1859 .
With the " diagonal stride " variant the poles are planted alternately on the opposite side of the forward @-@ striding foot ; with the " kick @-@ double @-@ pole " variant the poles are planted simultaneously with every other stride .
Skate @-@ skiing usually involves a coordinated use of poles and the upper body to add impetus , sometimes with a double pole plant each time the ski is extended on a temporarily " dominant " side ( " V1 " ) or with a double pole plant each time the ski is extended on either side ( " V2 " ) .
The synagogue , " the home of the oldest Orthodox congregation continuously housed in a single location in New York " sat " padlocked and empty " with holes in the roof and plaster falling from the ceiling .
These boilers were coal @-@ burning with auxiliary oil sprayers .
His first brush with stardom was that he briefly became a boxer , known as Yankele Kulachnik , " Jake the Fist " .
While fielding on the boundary during the second day of the match , he gestured to the crowd with his middle finger for which he was fined 50 % of his match fee by the match referee .
@ 31 ″ W ) at Hogup Ridge , containing three pumps with a combined capacity of moving 1 @,@ 500 @,@ 000 US gallons per minute ( 95 m3 / s ) ; an inlet canal ; and an outlet canal .
With its sudden storms and expansive spread , the lake is a great test of sailing skills .
Hoax then comes to a realization that the body was just a dummy that had been stuffed with the leaves .
 When Congress received news of the events , it drafted a second letter to the inhabitants of Quebec , which was sent north in June with James Price , another sympathetic Montreal merchant .
Meanwhile , Mary Margaret ( Ginnifer Goodwin ) plans a special girls ' night out on Valentine 's Day with Ruby ( Meghan Ory ) and Ashley ( Jessy Schram ) , and a fateful deal made between Rumpelstiltskin ( Carlyle ) and Belle ( Emilie de Ravin ) is revealed – in which she gives up her freedom to save her village from the horrors of the Ogre Wars .
Pat O 'Neill mentioned the film as early as 1997 in an interview with David James .
The bodies of such sinners , fatigued with hunger and thirst , are pierced with sharp , needle @-@ like spears .
 During his stay , Rivera and his wife Frida Kahlo lived and worked at the studio , becoming in the process lifelong friends with Stackpole and Ginette .
The unveiling ceremony took place in the cold of New Year 's Eve , with Mayor Angelo Rossi joining Stackpole , Pflueger and artisans in smocks .
In his San Francisco Examiner newspaper column , Rexroth wrote of having lunch with the Stackpole family , and reminded his readers that the man had been known " for 20 years or more [ as ] San Francisco 's leading artist . "
Plants are trees or shrubs with leaves ; their stems are smoothly round in cross section , rather than being ribbed or having tubercles .
Fleshy , colorful and sweet @-@ tasting fruits are associated with seed dispersal by birds .
 Cacti may also be planted outdoors in regions with suitable climates .
The conversion of land to agriculture has affected populations of Ariocarpus kotschoubeyanus in Mexico , where dry plains were plowed for maize cultivation , and of Copiapoa and Eulychnia in Chile , where valley slopes were planted with vines .
For the host plant — the " stock " — growers choose one that grows strongly in cultivation and is compatible with the plant to be propagated — the scion .
The episode received generally positive reviews , with several critics praising James Spader 's portrayal of Raymond Reddington .
After her father leaves the room , Christiane calls her fiancé Jacques Vernon , who works with Dr. Génessier at his clinic , but hangs up without saying a word .
The roguelike game Torneko no Daibōken : Fushigi no Dungeon continues Torneko 's story from Dragon Quest IV as he attempts to make his store famous , venturing into mysterious dungeons to retrieve items to stock his store with .
The waters of Briar Creek are approved trout waters and the stream is stocked with trout .
Since its debut in 2002 , five expansion packs have been released along with six add @-@ on scenarios .
Players deal with the aftermath of this conflict in the original story , and may travel back in time to aid in the war effort with the expansion pack Wings of the Goddess .
In his " definitive " article on All Things Must Pass for Mojo magazine , John Harris has written of Harrison 's " journey " as a solo artist beginning in November 1968 – when he spent time in Woodstock with Bob Dylan and the Band – and incorporating a series of other collaborations through the following eighteen months , including various Apple projects and a support role on Delaney & Bonnie and Friends ' brief European tour .
Rather than attempt it with the Beatles during the band 's concurrent Abbey Road sessions , he stockpiled the track with his many other unused songs from the period – " All Things Must Pass " , " Let It Down " , " I 'd Have You Anytime " and " Run of the Mill " among them – and revisited it a year later , after completing work on Preston 's second Apple album , Encouraging Words .
By the early 1580s Mary had come to fear Leicester 's influence with James VI , her son , in whose privy chamber the English Earl had placed a spy .
Leicester 's relations with James of Scotland grew closer when he gained the confidence of the King 's favourite , Patrick , Master of Gray , in 1584 – 1585 .
The ball is hoisted by a golden , cylindrical body with four quadrilateral edges sticking out of the body at 45 degrees from each other .
It stands on a low mound with a circumference of approximately 120 yards ( 110 m ) ; the wall around the churchyard , which contains no gravestones , follows the shape of the mound to some extent .
In 1990 débuts for Slaughter , from Las Vegas with Stick It to Ya and FireHouse , from North Carolina , with their eponymous album reached number 18 and number 21 on the Billboard 200 respectively , but it would be the peak of their commercial achievement .
Akash continued to organize , with deep convection wrapping fully around the low @-@ level circulation .
This is particularly true in those with human immunodeficiency virus infection , recipients of organ transplants and those with hypogammaglobulinemia .
During the party , Madonna showed up dressed as Little Bo Peep and even carried with her a stuffed toy lamb .
American performance artist Ann Magnuson , who had worked with Madonna on the 1985 film Desperately Seeking Susan , released a parody of the book 's photo sessions , where she simulated sex with a giant stuffed bear .
Bound and gagged , Harry sees Ghislaine switching his gun ( loaded with blanks ) for another gun , but fails to convey the danger to Dean .
A power station was planned on the south side of Old Kent Road where it crossed the Grand Surrey Canal ( now filled @-@ in ) at the junction with St James 's Road .
 For the extension to Queen 's Park , the LER supplemented the existing rolling stock with 14 new carriages ordered from Brush Traction and Leeds Forge Company plus spare Gate stock carriages from the GNP & BR .
Delivery of the carriages for the Watford service , known as the Watford Joint stock because ownership was shared with the LNWR , began in 1920 ; they were painted in the LNWR 's livery to distinguish them from trains operating only on the Bakerloo Tube 's tracks .
The associations finally settled on a general agreement with the numbering plans , as named trails would still be included .
Ten of the sows had a cub swim with them and after a year , six cubs survived .
Large diameter hose are carried on full @-@ size fire engines , but smaller diameters of hard suction hose can be carried on apparatus with smaller fire pump ratings , such as wildland fire engines .
 to support the hose with packing , where necessary , when it crosses a wall or other obstruction to prevent an air pocket being formed .
 The nucleus of the band was formed when Sean Bonniwell ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) took part in a jam session with Keith Olsen ( bass guitar ) and Ron Edgar ( drums ) – both of whom he met in the folk music circuit .
The test is performed in several progressive stages , called " steps " , with the load increased each time .
These parts often include regulation of the speed of the horse 's walk , halts , turns around obstacles , and backing with a load around a corner .
He sent out messengers to rally his scattered men with news that Bryennios had been killed , showing his parade horse as evidence .
The late king 's staunchest supporters elected the infant John Sigismund king , but he was not crowned with the Holy Crown of Hungary .
On Martinuzzi 's proposal , the Diet of Hungary elected John Sigismund king on 13 September 1540 , but he was not crowned with the Holy Crown of Hungary .
Both actions suggested that Suleiman intended to seize part of John Sigismund 's kingdom , prompting Isabella and Martinuzzi to reopen negotiations with Ferdinand on the reunification of Hungary in 1548 .
Today the statue holds no water and is sometimes planted with flowers .
The aircraft returned the next day to seed again , but the seeding canisters fell outside the eyewall with no effect on its structure , and the hurricane continued to strengthen .
During September 13 , Choi @-@ wan gradually developed whilst moving west with the JMA reporting that Choi @-@ wan had become a severe tropical storm late that day , before reporting along with the JTWC early the next day that Choi @-@ wan had intensified further and had become a weak Typhoon with multiple spiral bands that had wrapped into the fully consolidated center to form a banding eye .
After freight traffic ceased , the line continued to be used for occasional London Underground rolling stock transfers between Highgate depot and the Northern City line , with the stock being pulled over the unelectrified lines by battery locomotives .
 The Final Frontier was released in North America on June 9 , 1989 , amidst a summer box office crowded with sequels and blockbuster films .
Downs also shot photos with filters and tried to accomplish dust effects with his car to replicate ideas for how some sequences would be shot .
Effects personnel smoked cigarettes and blew smoke into the suit 's tubing , loading it with smoke that it would slowly emit , obscuring some obvious rubber parts .
The music features cellos conveying a pious quality , while the appearance of " God " begins with string glissandos but turns to a dark rendition of Sybok 's theme as its true nature is exposed .
 The Final Frontier was expected to be one of the summer 's biggest movies and a sure hit , despite its appearing in a market crowded with other sequels and blockbusters such as Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade , Ghostbusters II and Batman .
Rhys was summoned to appear before Henry at Woodstock to do homage together with Owain Gwynedd and Malcolm IV of Scotland .
It was the first high @-@ speed jet aircraft equipped with radar and fully powered flight controls to go into widespread service with the RAF .
@ 18 in ) ADEN revolver cannon in a removable gun pack with 150 rpg
The qualifying teams , along with the seeding for each team in the tournament , were announced on Sunday , May 4 , 2008 .
Navy upset # 4 seeded North Carolina in Chapel Hill with a final score of 8 – 7 on the strong play of the Midshipmen defense and the four goal effort of Tim Paul , who was honored with Nike Player of the Week honors .
He arranged a meeting with James B. Conant , the President of Harvard University and one of the senior administrators of the Manhattan Project , who had similar thoughts .
He found it much easier to imagine delays due to unexpected printing problems , and his workers returning from summer vacation to find themselves locked out of a plant filled with top secret material .
Worried that the angry crowd might go through with this , the Gorky factory chief ordered the ZiL coach to send Streltsov out for the second half .
 With the advent of ever @-@ more @-@ powerful home computers and more specialist programs for them , many fans are also working on unofficial animations of the missing episodes , and this is widespread with many clips being shown on @-@ line .
Nist organized all the South Korean carriers he could find before dark and loaded them with water , food , and ammunition for the 2nd Battalion , but the carrier party was unable to find the battalion .
Observers sighted barges loaded with troops and artillery pieces crossing the river 2 miles ( 3 @.
Working with the Chicago Pile 3 heavy water reactor , she found a way to 100 percent spin polarize neutron beams , and determined the refractive index of neutrons for various materials .
She proposed that , instead of it being sprayed with malathion , fruit affected by the Mediterranean fruit fly could be treated with gamma rays .
Writer Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio decided not to make the sequels new adventures featuring the same characters , as with the Indiana Jones and James Bond series , but to retroactively turn The Curse of the Black Pearl into the first of a trilogy .
By November , the script was still unfinished as the writers did not want director Gore Verbinski and producer Jerry Bruckheimer to compromise what they had written , so Verbinski worked with James Byrkit to storyboard major sequences without need of a script , while Elliott and Rossio wrote a " preparatory " script for the crew to use before they finished the script they were happy with .
This leads to geyser @-@ like eruptions of CO2 gas mixed with dark basaltic sand or dust .
The paler plains covered with dust and sand rich in reddish iron oxides were once thought of as Martian " continents " and given names like Arabia Terra ( land of Arabia ) or Amazonis Planitia ( Amazonian plain ) .
A spreading bush with wedge @-@ shaped serrated leaves and large creamy @-@ yellow flower spikes , it grows up to 3 ½ metres ( 11 ½ ft ) high .
 Banksia epica grows as a spreading bushy shrub with many branches , from 30 centimetres to 3 ½ metres ( 1 – 11 ½ ft ) tall .
Seeds were sown in February 1996 , and planted out in November 1997 ; seedlings planted into sections without good drainage died , but two seedlings that were planted into a section with excellent drainage were about a metre tall by 2002 , and flowering prolifically .
That May , ABC bypassed a pilot , ordering the show straight to series , with James D 'Arcy , Chad Michael Murray , and Enver Gjokaj starring alongside Atwell ; they are joined by Shea Whigham for the first season .
The string of fortresses began with the Sinai fort in the west , and continued through the " Way of Horus " military road to Canaan .
Later on 7 January , the Applied Research Institute @-@ Jerusalem ( ARIJ ) reported that " Israeli bulldozers staged into al @-@ Hikr area south of Deir el @-@ Balah city under heavy barrage of gunfire and razed 70 dunams ( 7 hectares ) of land planted with guava and orange groves owned by the Abu Holy and Abu Reziq families . "
In the Great Lakes region , players used an entirely wooden stick , while the Iroquois stick was longer and was laced with string , and the Southeastern tribes played with two shorter sticks , one in each hand .
The head is roughly triangular in shape and is loosely strung with mesh or leathers and nylon strings to form a " pocket " that allows the ball to be caught , carried , and thrown .
The heads are strung with string , leather , and mesh .
While a stick @-@ check ( where a player makes contact with the opposition player 's stick in order to knock the ball loose ) is legal , a slashing violation is called when a player viciously makes contact with an opposing player or his stick .
 In April 1904 , Harvey organized the Monte Ne Club House Hotel and Cottage Company with capital stock of $ 250 @,@ 000 .
 In February 1907 , with nearly 300 new stockholders , Harvey began construction on his next hotel , Oklahoma Row , also designed by A. O. Clarke .
The Arkansas Railroad Commission granted a charter on April 26 , 1902 , and the Monte Ne Railway Company was incorporated in May 1902 , with a capital stock of $ 250 @,@ 000 .
It is covered with spray paint and graffiti as well as being cracked and full of debris .
Josh Hutcherson was not their first choice for the role of Jesse Aarons , but they settled with him because they " felt the chemistry between AnnaSophia Robb and him " .
 Canonicus sailed from Boston on 22 April 1864 and arrived at Newport News , Virginia on 3 May for service with the James River Flotilla .
 According to the song 's official sheet music , which has been published by Walt Disney Music Publishing at Musicnotes.com , " Mother Knows Best " is a " brash , " upbeat Broadway musical @-@ inspired show tune written in the key of F major at a moderate tempo of 66 beats per minute , performed " with rubato . "
It is occupied by former President George H. W. Bush and his wife Barbara , and Homer takes an instant disliking toward George for getting more attention from the neighbors and hanging out with his friends .
It is an annual shower associated with the Marsden group of comets that peaks on 7 June with a maximum zenithal hourly rate of 54 meteors .
The person he was speaking with was actually a conservative activist with James O 'Keefe 's Project Veritas , and was secretly recording the conversation .
The " eyes " have since been replaced with two small white buttons sewn over Teddy 's face , giving it a distinct image .
However , after changing parking spaces with an identical mini ( registration ACW 497V ) in " Back to School Mr. Bean " , his car is crushed by a tank .
In episode 52 – " Mind Control " , the idea of painting a room with a stick of explosives ( Firework , or other ) placed in a paint can , as in the episode " Do @-@ It @-@ Yourself Mr. Bean " , was tested and deemed impossible , as adequate coverage was not achieved .
The 1999 Bemani title DrumMania featured a drum kit controller , and could be linked with GuitarFreaks for simulated jam sessions .
For example , Rock Band 3 and Power Gig : Rise of the SixString support guitar controllers with strings , and both contain modes that teach players accurate fingering .
Naval historian Jonathan Dull has described de Grasse 's 1781 naval campaign , which encompassed , in addition to Yorktown , successful contributions to the French capture of Tobago and the Spanish siege of Pensacola , as the " most perfectly executed naval campaign of the age of sail " , and compared the string of French successes favorably with the British Annus Mirabilis of 1759 .
It was the site of a large Japanese headquarters , but was found to be abandoned , with piles of equipment left behind .
 In 1903 he settled with his family at Bramdean House in Alresford , and was appointed Commander of the Balloon Sections , based at Aldershot under the command of Col James Templer .
The player must guide an astronaut with a jet pack around the station and re @-@ activate its engine shields to prevent the Obsidian 's destruction .
USA Today 's Claudia Puig found the film treated female characters poorly , labeling it a " heinous , misogynistic movie filled with faceless crowds and nary a character who resembles an actual human being " , a sentiment echoed by Melissa Anderson of The Village Voice who felt the film promoted " skull @-@ numbing hedonism without consequences " , and " second @-@ nature misogyny " , and that the only purpose of the male characters is to " ' get high , fuck bitches . '
Project X was listed as the number 1 most illegally downloaded film of 2012 on BitTorrent with approximately 8 @.
The coloration is grayish to brownish above and white below , with a pattern of scattered small , dark spots unique to each individual .
When they arrive , they see Meg has tied Brian up with packaging tape and is about to rape Brian .
It also overlaps with the north – south NY 22 for 6 miles ( 10 km ) from Comstock to Whitehall and with NY 32 for a total of 16 miles ( 26 km ) between Waterford and Bemis Heights and from Schuylerville to Northumberland .
Drainage district employees control water flows with pumps and floodgates .
One of the nation 's largest freshwater urban wetlands , Smith and Bybee Wetlands Natural Area , shares the lower slough watershed with a sewage treatment plant , marine terminals , a golf course , and a car racetrack .
It also replaced septic tank and cesspool systems near the middle and upper slough with sanitary sewers .
Through its Watershed Revegetation Program , begun in 1996 , the city worked with property owners to plant native vegetation and to remove invasive weeds .
In early 1853 , amid widespread allegations of voting irregularities and with the company unable to pay promised dividends , a number of the directors resigned , including Voules , and the remaining public confidence in the scheme collapsed .
As well as the giant sequoias , the grounds were heavily planted with magnolia , rhododendron , coastal redwood , azalea , andromeda and monkeypuzzle , with the intention of creating perpetual greenery with large numbers of flowers and a strong floral scent throughout the cemetery .
To provide an attractive first view of the cemetery for visitors arriving at the stations , the areas around the stations and their associated chapels were planted with groves of bay , Cedar of Lebanon , rhododendron and Portuguese laurel .
The species has been shown to be self @-@ incompatible , requiring cross @-@ pollination with plants of other genotypes to reproduce successfully .
It gave rise to this cultivar , a vigorous plant with red @-@ pink flowerheads which reach a diameter of 10 cm × 10 cm ( 4 in × 4 in ) surrounded by pink bracts .
Also writing for the Los Angeles Times , Glenn Whipp lauded Cox 's tenure on Friends , enthusing that the actress successfully " took a character loaded with obsessive @-@ compulsive quirks and a goofy , overly competitive nature and fashioned a flesh @-@ and @-@ blood woman " .
The association was developed through the efforts of the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy working with owners and breed enthusiasts , with the goal of preserving and promoting the Marsh Tacky breed .
In 2007 , the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy collaborated with the Equus Survival Trust to collect DNA samples and photo @-@ document the largest herd in South Carolina , considered to be the largest remaining herd , with a heritage tracing back to the American Civil War .
Think what you would have been now , if instead of being fed with Tales and old wives fables in childhood , you had been crammed with Geography & Natural History ?
One alternative to horsehair crinoline was the quilted petticoat stuffed with down or feathers , such as that reportedly worn in 1842 by Lady Aylesbury .
A field study in Brisbane Water National Park north of Sydney found that plants that had experienced two short ( less than seven @-@ year ) intervals between bushfires had reduced reproductive output as measured by lower numbers of follicles , compared with plants in areas which had had no or one short inter @-@ fire interval .
Honeyeaters are found in greater numbers in the vicinity of plants with more flowers .
Days after he was released from solitary , Berkman tried to hang himself with a strip of his blanket .
She moves around the room browsing through his possessions , brushes her teeth with his toothbrush and declines to take the bath he had run for her .
A fireproof bulkhead separated the 165 litres ( 36 imp gal ; 44 US gal ) fuel tank from the engine and a fire extinguisher was fitted with outlets to the fuel pump , inlet pipe and carburetor .
She also has a younger brother , Nigel D 'Souza , who works with the Bombay Stock Exchange .
Her next appearance was in the Bollywood action thriller Force , which received mixed reception from critics , with Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama noting that D 'Souza is strikingly sweet and subdued .
Limbs can be healed directly by injecting them with stimpaks , by sleeping , or by being healed by a doctor .
In the Washington , D.C. area , many of the roads are blocked off with giant piles of rubble .
 The superb fairy @-@ wren can be found in almost any area that has at least a little dense undergrowth for shelter , including grasslands with scattered shrubs , moderately thick forest , woodland , heaths , and domestic gardens .
The superb fairy @-@ wren eats mostly insects and supplements its diet with seeds .
After settling his contract dispute with Fox , Duchovny had quit full @-@ time participation in the show after the seventh season .
Island Records released it as a CD single and digital download on 26 September 2005 with an accompanying B @-@ side titled " Favourite Song " , composed by the Sugababes , Cameron McVey , and Jony Lipsey .
In 2009 a dispute over Limbang District was settled with Brunei , which dropped its claim over the territory .
Meanwhile , there are several Sarawak – Kalimantan border issues yet to be settled with Indonesia .
It contains large tracts of tropical rainforest with abundant plant and animal species .
 The fruit contains numerous subglobose seeds which are round and swollen with a hard coat , sometimes with an attached elaiosome .
The alkaloid profile of any plant varies with time , location , and developmental stage .
 The eventual position of Narcissus within the Amaryllidaceae family only became settled in this century with the advent of phylogenetic analysis and the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group system .
Plant breeders have developed some daffodils with double , triple , or ambiguously multiple rows and layers of segments .
When narcissi were compared with a number of other plants not normally consumed by animals , narcissi were the most repellant , specifically N. pseudonarcissus Consequently , narcissus alkaloids have been used as repellents and may also discourage fungi , molds , and bacteria .
 In the United Kingdom a total of 4100 ha were planted with bulbs , of which 3800 ha were Narcissi , the UK 's most important bulb crop , much of which is for export , making this the largest global production centre , about half of the total production area .
The area was heavily seeded with trip wires connected to shells and grenades dangling from branches , one of which blew McFarlane and several of his men off their feet .
The features of Maria Zambaco were clearly recognizable in the barely draped Phyllis ( as they are in several of Burne @-@ Jones 's finest works ) , and the undraped nakedness of Demophoön coupled with the suggestion of female sexual assertiveness offended Victorian sensibilities .
These statues are human figures made with white plaster .
Construction of the ships was delayed as many domestic factories were overloaded with orders and some components had to be ordered from abroad .
The rear boilers were split into four compartments with each containing four coal @-@ fired boilers fitted with oil sprayers .
And as Julie and Billy ride together on the swirling carousel , and the stage picture surges with the excitement of the crowd , and the orchestra storms to a climax , and the curtain falls , we realize that R & H have not only skipped the overture and the opening number but the exposition as well .
AllMusic argued that rather than a revival , the history of post @-@ punk was more of a continuum from the mid @-@ 1980s , with scattered bands that included Big Flame , World Domination Enterprises , and Minimal Compact extending the genre .
Brown later performed a medley of " Turn Up the Music " and " Don 't Wake Me Up " at the 2012 BET Awards ceremony on July 1 , 2012 , for which he appeared shirtless for the performance with half his body spray painted in grey .
The fossils of ambulocetids are always found in near @-@ shore shallow marine deposits associated with abundant marine plant fossils and littoral mollusks .
For example , the spongers of Shark Bay preferentially stick with other spongers .
Jeffrey Andrew Weinstock instead called them mainstream films with transgressive elements .
As he explained in his many speeches , although he had kept notebooks with drawings of plants , animals , maps , and people , and journals recounting his day – to – day experiences , some of his notebooks and journals had been destroyed by the Australians as they over – ran his hiding places ; others , which he had buried to keep them from being destroyed , had rotted beyond repair in the jungle humidity .
He ran unsuccessfully for Vice President on the Greenback ticket with presidential nominee James B. Weaver of Iowa in 1880 .
 Hares primarily live in open fields with scattered brush for shelter .
A report showed that in 8 out of 11 instances where cavities caused by OFC were filled with transplanted bone , the lesion healed and the transplanted bone blended rapidly and seamlessly with the original bone .
There was widespread concern with direct election , because information diffused so slowly in the late 18th century , and because of concerns that people would only vote for candidates from their state or region .
However , both were among the group that performed as Pussy Riot during the Winter Olympics in Sochi , where group members were attacked with whips and pepper spray by Cossacks who were employed as security .
On 6 March 2014 , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina were assaulted and sprayed with green paint by local youths in Nizhny Novgorod .
The best @-@ known of these composers is Wolfgang Rihm , who studied with Stockhausen in 1972 – 73 .
 With respect to Stockhausen 's later work , he said ,
German composer Wolfgang Rihm , who studied with Stockhausen , was influenced by Momente , Hymnen , and Inori ( Williams 2006 , 382 ) .
Founding members of Cologne @-@ based experimental band Can , Irmin Schmidt and Holger Czukay , both studied with Stockhausen at the Cologne Courses for New Music ( Stockhausen Texte , 3 : 196 , 198 , 200 ) .
German electronic pioneers Kraftwerk also say they studied with Stockhausen ( Flur 2003 , 228 ) , and Icelandic vocalist Björk has acknowledged Stockhausen 's influence ( Heuger 1998 , 15 ; Björk 1996 ; Ross 2004 , 53 & 55 ) .
It is the same with Stockhausen : the intensity of imagination gives rise to musical impressions of an elemental and seemingly unfathomable beauty , arising from necessity rather than conscious design " ( Maconie 1989 , 178 ) .
Destructoid praised the plot and the world 's reactivity to the player , writing , " the main plot is packed with twists and surprises with staggering ramifications for a world players will feel they have become part of . "
It was one of the earliest successful colonies to be founded by the English in North America , along with Jamestown and other settlements in Virginia , and the first sizable permanent English settlement in the New England region .
It arrived with 37 new settlers for Plymouth .
They had embarked for America upon an understanding with the Adventurers that they might settle in a community of their own , or at least be free from the bonds by which the Plymouth colonists were enslaved .
Thousands more died as a result of frontier conflict with settlers .
Dwight finally works up the nerve to give his speech and , using Jim 's advice , wins over the crowd with a passionate yet unorthodox speech ( which Angela videotapes from the back ) .
The film was released on DVD on October 17 , 2000 in a two @-@ pack with its first sequel Toy Story 2 .
Another " Ultimate Toy Box " , packaging the Combo Pack with those of both sequels , became available on November 2 , 2010 .
It 's got a shot that 's always stuck with me , when Buzz Lightyear discovers he 's a toy .
In 1957 and 1958 , R. W. G. Dennis redescribed the species , and after consultation with Canadian mycologist James Walton Groves , who had earlier completed a monograph on the genus Tympanis , transferred the taxon to the genus Encoelia ( family Sclerotiniaceae ) .
Inspired by Dame Edna Everage , the dress consisted of a hat strewn with fake fruits , flowers and feathers , jeweled batwing spectacles with heavy , black frames , a ruffled skirt and a bodice covered with objects such as watches and dolls and fishnets .
He considered that conditions similar to those found today may once have extended over the large submerged area now represented by the shallow banks , with scattered mangrove keys , which stretch towards the Isla de la Juventud and perhaps eastward along the southern Cuban coast .
They are covered with scattered , short pouch @-@ like outgrowths .
Dustin Runnels ' strained relationship with his father Dusty Rhodes caused problems in their marriage , and Terri alleges that Dusty spread rumors about her that included infidelity and gold @-@ digging .
Except for Fatima , little is known of his siblings , where they settled or if they met with their brother as he advanced in his legal and political careers .
After refurbishment , the problem was solved by covering the cars ' exterior entirely with giant stickers , creating a livery that is similar to the newer C751B and C151A rolling stocks .
In tests , three predators — binturongs , clouded leopards ( Neofelis nebulosa ) , and sun bears — retreated or showed other signs of displeasure when presented with cotton swabs anointed with a mixture of the toxic secretion and the saliva , whereas the toxic secretion alone generated mild interest .
They also believe that slow lorises have medicinal powers because they require more than one hit with a stick to die .
According to data compiled from monthly surveys and interviews with local traders , nearly a thousand locally sourced slow lorises exchanged hands in the Medan bird market in North Sumatra during the late first decade of the 21st century .
Working with lawyer James B. Donovan , Miskovsky negotiated with Soviet representatives .
Miskovsky , working with lawyer and lead negotiator James Donovan , and Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy , negotiated a release for the prisoners in return for around fifty million dollars in medicine , food and other supplies .
 In the Mondulkiri Province of Cambodia , hunters believe that lorises can heal their own broken bones immediately after falling from a branch in order to climb back up the tree , and that slow lorises have medicinal powers because they require more than one hit with a stick to die .
In the Mondulkiri Province in Cambodia , slow lorises are shaken out of trees and then bludgeoned to death with a stick .
Marks also wrote that " the same clause , mutatis mutandis " was incorporated " in the treaties with Austria and Hungary , neither of whom interpreted it as declaration of war guilt . "
The road continues southeast through wooded residential areas , intersecting a few roads at right @-@ in / right @-@ out intersections , before interchanging with Queen Anne Road .
Stan Winston , enthusiastic about the new technology pioneered by the film , joined with IBM and director James Cameron to form a new special effects company , Digital Domain .
The M1 Abrams can use the M1028 canister round , which is an anti @-@ personnel / anti @-@ helicopter munition , packed with over 1 @,@ 000 tungsten balls .
Cats are sensitive to pheromones such as 3 @-@ mercapto @-@ 3 @-@ methylbutan @-@ 1 @-@ ol , which they use to communicate through urine spraying and marking with scent glands .
These territories are marked by urine spraying , by rubbing objects at head height with secretions from facial glands , and by defecation .
Hairballs can be prevented with remedies that ease elimination of the hair through the gut , as well as regular grooming of the coat with a comb or stiff brush .
Cats also tend to play with toys more when they are hungry .
 Operation Skyburner : On 22 December 1961 , a modified Phantom with water injection set an absolute world record speed of 1 @,@ 606 @.
In this episode , SpongeBob feels neglected and ends up a nuisance when he tries to hang out with the other characters .
 SpongeBob wakes up on a normal day as usual and attempts to hang out with Patrick , Squidward and Sandy , however he ends up angering them each , causing them to call him " Idiot Boy " .
Roger Friedman of Showbiz411 revealed some information about the album on June 3 , 2010 , saying " Mariah ’ s Christmas album is said to be very lush , with lots of strings and no hip hop .
Christmas Time Is in the Air Again " is softly sung ballad backed by a string section and embellished with bells and chimes .
 In February 1902 Grainger made his first appearance as a piano soloist with an orchestra , playing Tchaikovsky 's first piano concerto with the Bath Pump Room Orchestra .
Many of the players in the NHL during this period failed to stick with their teams once the war ended and the stars returned .
Embling of Tiny Mix Tapes described the song as a super @-@ sized cypher , stating that the track was packed with plenty of " shitalking " from the group of rappers .
By February 16 , the system had moved over Mozambique and turned to the east , although by that time it had become better organized with the convection wrapping into the center .
She carries the daggers to the room and smears the drugged attendants with blood .
Moser Baer Home Videos released Kaminey on DVD in October 2009 across all regions in a two @-@ disc pack complying with the NTSC format .
Strategies used by plants to cope with the adverse conditions include :
His rule was not as militant as that of Govinda III as he preferred to maintain friendly relations with his neighbours , the Gangas , the Eastern Chalukyas and the Pallavas with whom he also cultivated marital ties .
The decline of Buddhism in South India began in the 8th century with the spread of Adi Shankara 's Advaita philosophy .
A new feature introduced in Ninja Gaiden III is the ability for Ryu to hang overhead from pipes or ivy ; he can swing up on top or drop from them , and as with walls , he can only attack enemies while hanging with secondary weapons .
An inspection in 1692 reported that the walls were cracked and at risk of collapse , and the antiquarian Francis Grose observed in 1785 that the castle was " strongly fenced with piles and planks " to prevent erosion from the sea .
Only one of their six torpedoes worked and Slava settled on the shallow bottom with a hole on the starboard side near the funnel .
The review in the Library Journal recommended the book for all libraries and stated that " Although the text is occasionally overloaded with trendy demographic jargon , this thought @-@ provoking and seminal work will surely be studied , not only by scholars but ... by consumers pondering a move " .
After Brando dropped out of the project , the project tried to replace him with James Coburn , but Ray became disillusioned and returned to Calcutta .
At 6 : 12 am , with the pumps unequal to the task , Szent István capsized , taking 89 of her crew with her .
Each corner of the east side of the principal block contains a square salon lit by a huge Venetian window , one of them — the Landscape Room — hung with paintings by Claude Lorrain and Gaspar Poussin .
Continuing into East Orange , the freeway passes under more streets as it runs next to the Morristown Line , interchanging with Harrison Street and Clinton Street .
 Throughout the song , both Jay @-@ Z and Knowles name @-@ check a list of goods from prestige brands , companies , and personalities : " Audemars Piguet " , a Swiss watchmaker ; " Jacob the Jeweler " , a celebrity jeweler ; " Cartier " , a jeweler and watch manufacturer ; " Hermès " , a luxury goods company ; " Lorraine Schwartz " , a celebrity jeweler ; " Ralph Lauren Purple Label " , a higher @-@ end division of the famous designer 's clothing line ; " Natura Bisse Diamond Cream " , a diamond dust mixed with cream ; " 6 star pent suites " ( penthouse ) , of which only a handful exist in the world , such as at Crown Macau in China and Dreams Los Cabos near San Jose del Cabo in Mexico ; " The Amalfi Coast " , located in Southern Italy ; " Fendi " , a luxury goods company ; and " The Bloomberg Luxury Accommodation Group " , partly owned by the Calangian and Zobel families and located around the world catering to Hollywood @-@ millionaire types .
Angelou wrote two collections of essays in the interim , Wouldn 't Take Nothing for My Journey Now ( 1993 ) and Even the Stars Look Lonesome ( 1997 ) , which writer Hilton Als called her " wisdom books " and " homilies strung together with autobiographical texts " .
She also describes her personal and professional relationships with Ruby Dee , Ossie Davis , Beah Richards , and Frank Silvera .
She rubs the furniture with beeswax and polishes her little tin spoons , then holds a party for five other little wood @-@ mice wearing their Regency finery .
Wolfe also pulled strings with Adolph Berle , an official in the State Department .
He began teaching at The New School , where he remained until May 1941 , living first at 7502 Kessel Street , Forest Hills , Queens , where he conducted experiments on mice with cancer , injecting them with bions .
Reich said he had seen orgone when he injected his mice with bions and in the sky at night through an " organoscope , " a special telescope .
He also argued that protozoa , red corpuscles , cancer cells and the chlorophyll of plants are charged with it .
 The accumulators were tested on plant growth and mice with cancer .
He asked his supporters to stick with him through the criticism , believing that he had developed a grand unified theory of physical and mental health .
 The ship was also equipped with three double action steam pumps that supplied water at 9 @,@ 000 US gallons per minute ( 0 @.
 On July 28 , 1928 William S. Grattan responded to the oil barge James F. Cahill , loaded with 5 @,@ 000 barrels of crude oil , that was aflame .
All tracks were co @-@ written by Minogue , with additional song writing assistance by James Dean Bradfield , Dave Ball , Ingo Vauk , Steve Anderson and David Seaman .
Instead of using customer Lolas , Marches or Ralts , all of which were produced by established companies who had many years ' experience of designing and building such cars , Forti stuck with their Italian Formula Three chassis supplier Gian Paolo Dallara , who had just designed his company 's first F3000 machine .
Although snake handling developed independently in several Pentecostal ministries , Hensley is generally credited with spreading the custom in the Southeastern United States .
Rail service from Baraga to Chassell has been suspended for several years , and the right @-@ of @-@ way had been overgrown with brush ; the rails will be replaced if needed in the future .
With Jameer Nelson and Hedo Türkoğlu beginning the season injured for the 2012 – 13 Orlando Magic , Moore began the 2012 – 13 NBA season as a starter .
Joel Prpic continued to find himself on top of the pack with 30 assists .
 Lynd visits Bond every day as he recuperates in hospital , and he gradually realises that he loves her ; he even contemplates leaving the Secret Service to settle down with her .
He immediately set about making plans for the assassination , which included making arrangements with livery stable owner James W. Pumphrey for a getaway horse , and an escape route .
This is followed by an argument regarding holy basil and poison ivy which ends with the Indian boy rubbing the poison ivy against his buttocks out of contempt .
When they are on the ship , it is revealed that the shopkeepers are actually husband and wife , and that he had actually bought her stock out with a 10 % markup ; as such , the customers paid a total markup of 15 % .
These microalgae are not associated with sewage but occur unpredictably as algal blooms .
Bailey 's character had to taunt the cat with a stick several times in the game .
At one point in the film , Carno lies in the hospital bed after having just survived a fire , his face wrapped in bandages with blood leaking through .
A fake head was created from a model cast of actress Victoria Morsell 's head , with pumps installed to pump fake blood into it , and strings attached to either side so it could be pulled apart .
 One scene involved a burning head , which was created by taking a cast of the actor 's face , head and body with a plaster , then placing soft rubber over the cast to simulate human flesh .
 A Billboard magazine review said Phantasmagoria " lives up to the advanced billing " and " aims to unnerve and succeeds gruesomely with bloody special effects interspliced in trusty scare @-@ flick fashion with daubs of flesh and hints of sex " .
In the third round they were drawn into a home – and – away round – robin group with Jamaica , Panama , and the United States .
They captured intact large quantities of petroleum , oil and lubricants ( " POL " ) , several thousand tons of ammunition , ten trucks loaded with sugar and ten truckloads of other rations in addition to various other equipment , weapons and medical supplies .
Peasants are often compelled to plant opium by local administrators and warlords to pay for their armies , to such an extent that many districts are more heavily planted with opium than food , and all the while KMT officials lie incessantly to the international community about their efforts to suppress the trade .
Menu items included chickpeas mixed with cumin seeds , whole wheat dough baked over a fire , spiced eggplant , potatoes that had been picked locally , and , for breakfast , cornflakes , toast and coffee .
Chopra credits Harrison with spreading TM and other Eastern spiritual practices to America almost single @-@ handedly .
 In the climax , we discover the Wanderers and the Del Bombers are settling their dispute not with a street fight but with a football match organized by Chubby .
The boxset contained her twenty @-@ nine singles including " 3 " , with each single packaged in its own slip case with original cover art , accompanied by an original b @-@ side or remix .
It was introduced into Sweden around 1770 with seeds obtained from Holland .
At the moment it is usually classified as a neophyte , a plant that is naturalised but arrived with humans on or after the year 1500 .
 The Newbattle Abbey sycamore near Dalkeith , planted in 1550 , was the specimen with the earliest known planting date in Scotland .
Igor then implied on October 1 that the album could consist solely of the two brothers , without involvement from Marc Rizzo or Johnny Chow , with the album produced by James Murphy .
The 11 tracks combine hardcore punk ( without the crappy production ) and thrash metal ( without the clichés ) to produce an insanely fast record loaded with references to their best work : Sepultura ’ s Beneath the Remains and Arise .
 Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine wrote " That the song is just plain good , regardless of genre , proves that Jay and Rihanna , who 's already scored hits across several formats with a string of singles that couldn 't be more different from each other , are dedicated to producing quality hits — however frivolous they may be . "
Facing a similar lawsuit and interest in its land on Ford Island , the John Papa ʻĪʻī estate settled with the United States to deed twenty @-@ five acres at no cost .
It is draped in royal costumes with " Brahmanic cords ( salwe ) and regalia crossing his chest " .
He then performs the act of cleaning the Mahamuni 's teeth with a large brush followed by one more sequence of cleaning with fresh towels .
After this , sandalwood paste is applied to the image and it is again cleaned with towels and finally sprinkled with scented water .
The video proceeds to a scene of Aguilera and back @-@ up dancers splashing and dancing while being sprayed with water in a room containing several urinals , as a possible reference to urolagnia .
In the first round , Stoke played Kaiserslautern of Germany : Stoke won the first leg 3 – 1 at the Victoria Ground , with a crowd of over 22 @,@ 000 .
While superficially similar to The Coral Finder , Cleopatra is more closely related to the style of Regnault , with its intentionally cramped and crowded composition .
In 1899 , the price ranged between $ 50 and $ 200 for a King Charles or Blenheim , with the Ruby and Prince Charles Spaniel ranging between $ 50 and $ 150 .
 In 1943 , Schmeisser designed the MP 41 , which was in reality an MP 40 with a wooden rifle stock and a selector , identical to those found on the earlier MP 28 submachine gun .
She was regularly beaten and injected with amphetamines , burned with cigarettes , and had rave music — in particular a 45 @-@ minute long remix of Hi , I 'm Chucky ( Wanna Play ? )
By this time , Capper had been lying in her own urine and faeces for several days and was placed in a bath containing concentrated disinfectant and scrubbed with a stiff brush with sufficient force to remove skin .
The airport was completely unsuitable for the fitting work , with only a single small hangar available for aircraft work while a second was used for offices and labs .
The main Luftwaffe bombers — the Junkers Ju 88 , Dornier Do 17Z , and Heinkel He 111 — were capable of flying at about 250 miles per hour ( 400 km / h ) , at least with a medium load .
 Continued work displayed a number of minor problems , and the decision was made to introduce a redesigned unit with significant improvements in packaging , insulation , and other practical changes .
An experimental fit on Hawker Typhoon iA R7881 was carried out , with the system packed into a standard underwing drop tank .
She immediately begins abusing her family , retaliating to the many years of abuse she had endured under them , such as curb @-@ stomping Peter , raping him in the shower with a loofah , and using her mother 's shirts as toilet paper ( while also keeping a " poop bucket " next to her bed and refusing to empty it until it gets full ) .
A bomb shelter , still stocked with cases of " U.S. Civil Defense All @-@ Purpose Survival Crackers " from the early 1960s , is next to the station 's boiler room and its three , coal @-@ fed furnaces .
Using the Fixed Gun , Lizzie 's fleet of fire ships made from captured treasure ships loaded with Sahin 's explosives , and Morgan 's ground forces holding off the Circle 's elite Boneguard , they destroy the Fountain .
Eurogamer shared these final thoughts and described the new Home City shipments , along with all the treasures scattered around the map , as silly and childish ways of trying to complement the game 's lack of strategy and tactical choices .
He left his observer behind and flew with a reduced fuel load to lighten his aircraft enough to carry a 14 @-@ inch ( 356 mm ) , 810 @-@ pound ( 370 kg ) torpedo .
 a votary of the esoteric Eton religion , the kind of graceful , tolerant , sleepy boy who is showered with favours and crowned with all the laurels , who is liked by the masters and admired by the boys without any apparent exertion on his part , without experiencing the ill @-@ effects of success himself or arousing the pangs of envy in others .
Towards the end of 1942 he was released from his plaster jacket and fitted with a spinal brace , and in early 1943 he was mobile for the first time since the operation .
 Later at the Warsaw Tavern , Drew is hanging out with his friends when Mimi walks in and confronts him .
After the bartender retaliates by spraying Nation with water , policemen order them out ; the identities of the actors are not known .
 With production supervised by James H. White , Porter was assisted by George S. Fleming during the creation of Kansas Saloon Smashers .
In January 1985 , on the day Bud Clark took the oath of office as Mayor of Portland , Kvinneakt was draped anonymously with a sash reading " Congratulations " .
This was partly due to manager Osvaldo Bagnoli 's inability to find a stable forward partnership , preferring Bergkamp in a three with Uruguayan Rubén Sosa and Italian Salvatore Schillaci .
 During his time at Inter Milan , Bergkamp was switched to the position of a main striker , but failed to cooperate with his offensive partner Ruben Sosa , whom he later called " selfish " .
The scandal provided the writers of Grub Street with enough material to produce pamphlets , squibs , broadsides and ballads for several months .
 After moving to the US , Rihanna signed a contract with Def Jam Recordings , and released her debut album Music of the Sun ( 2005 ) .
Prepackaged CD @-@ ROM sets can be ordered online for a small fee , complete with an assortment of stickers and a copy of the release 's theme song .
The film had a widespread release within the United States with advertised showings in Oregon , Illinois , Pennsylvania South Carolina , Kansas , Atlanta , Georgia , Indiana , New York , and California .
During that summer , however , he struck up a relationship with Charles James Fox , a soon to be famous Whig politician noted for his outspoken and flamboyant lifestyle .
The husbandry involved the milking comparisons of various types of cow , along with the first planting of Scottish turnips , which are " a good table vegetable being more palatable and nutritious and not so watery as the Norfolk variety " .
@ 31 inches ) , dry sump lubrication , Zytek multi point fuel injection with dual injectors and Zytek electronic engine management .
The Bridgestone Expedia S.01 asymmetric uni @-@ directional tyres were specially developed for the XJ220 and had to be rateable to a top speed in excess of 220 miles per hour ( 350 km / h ) , carry a doubling of load with the exceptionally high downforce at speed and maintain a compliant and comfortable ride .
 Brett Lorenzo Favre ( / ˈfɑːrv / ; born October 10 , 1969 ) is a former American football quarterback who spent the majority of his career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The streak ended in 2005 , with the Packers finishing 4 – 12 overall .
He stated that his decision , regardless of what was being said in the media , had nothing to do with what the Packers did or didn 't do .
 On July 2 , 2008 , it was reported that Favre was in contact with the Packers about a possible return to the team .
 In the second part of the interview , which aired on July 15 , Favre expressed his frustration with Packer management , spoke of his sympathy for successor Aaron Rodgers ' predicament , and affirmed he is 100 percent committed to playing football in 2008 .
McCarthy sensed Favre was not in " the right mind @-@ set " to resume playing for the Packers , while Favre felt that his relationship with Packer management had deteriorated to the point that a return to the team would be untenable .
 2007 : In February , Favre tells the Biloxi Sun Herald that he plans to come back for another season with the Packers .
According to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , Favre backed out of a meeting with Packers management two days before re @-@ entry talks were to begin .
The beer was then pumped with sterile air into clarification tanks .
Many of the Union generals would eventually be memorialized in Washington , D.C. , with statues spread throughout the city .
A large crowd was present with many dignitaries in attendance , including President Theodore Roosevelt , military officers , diplomats , and veterans of the Civil War and Spanish – American War .
After sticking with her commitment to her parents to visit five schools , Wambach accepted a full athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville , where she would play for coach Becky Burleigh 's Florida Gators women 's soccer team from 1998 to 2001 .
There 's nothing more you can ask for than play in front of your home crowd and come through with a milestone like I did today . "
On the other side of Roosevelt Stadium are the baseball field , softball field , and a six @-@ court tennis complex with additional open practice fields spread mainly along the southern part of campus .
The otherwise unused weapons bay was loaded with test equipment .
Of the group , only Hudson left for the land with a small group of settlers ( including his son Ira and employees Jesse Linsley and William McKinley ) , on April 22 , 1799 .
The family stopped in Bloomfield , New York , where they met with the rest of the settlers .
A mechanical bird breaks the apparently shatterproof glass of a telephone booth during filming , showering Hedren with glass .
McCay 's ability to draw quickly with great accuracy drew crowds when he painted advertisements in public .
7 seed with Klaasen in men 's doubles , Paes lost to eventual champions Bolelli / Fognini in the second round .
Carey is seen walking barefoot in a room , shedding a black sheer robe and laying down on a bed draped with white linens .
Izuna Gongen is depicted as a beaked , winged figure with snakes wrapped around his limbs , surrounded by a halo of flame , riding on the back of a fox and brandishing a sword .
The museum is in possession of the only collections in the country memorabilia connected with the Tatar settlement on the Polish – Lithuanian – Belarusian region .
 Musically , the album was much more mellow , with the use of a string orchestra on " Forget About Tomorrow " , while other tracks on the album also used an accordion , trumpet , and a piano played by their manager Matt Page , with " Godzilla " being one of two tracks on the album to use loud guitars .
Mark was replaced by session drummer Karl Brazil who had just come off tour with James Blunt , and had also played drums for British band Ben 's Brother .
Although earning praise from music critics at the time of its release , the album was not widely recognized until 1992 , when Vedder , Ament , Gossard , and McCready had their breakthrough with Pearl Jam .
North used to be a very large school and was overcrowded with over 2800 students attending the school in 1931 .
 The next day , he asked Green — who had no interest in gardening that he knew of — what she had intended to do with the seeds .
Columbia Pictures opted to reboot the franchise with the same production team along with James Vanderbilt to stay on with writing the next Spider @-@ Man film while Alvin Sargent and Steve Kloves helped with the script as well .
A person at each spot waited to give the first person with the password a package and the tag @-@ name " operative " .
 Blackford County ’ s World War I memorial was unveiled on the northeast corner of the courthouse square on September 28 , 1921 , in a dedication ceremony with James Taylor , president of Taylor University as the speaker .
 In August 1855 , Green escaped from Parsons ' Wappocomo plantation with four other slaves from neighboring plantations .
The latest occurrence of snow or sleet in the spring fell on January 7 , 8 , and 9 , 2010 , as a cold front brought scattered snow flurries along with widespread sleet and freezing rain , especially in the northern and central portions of the state .
He also added " I was quite disappointed when I found out Anthony would be leaving , I 'd have liked to do a lot more stuff with him .
DGM Live offers music for download with photographs , diary archives and audience commentary for browsing " .
The spread from lake to lake in Washington is probably the result of waterfowl moving from lake to lake and carrying plants or propagules with them .
Playing for the Rockers team of Juno nominees against the Greats team of former National Hockey League players , she was awarded a penalty shot after a fight with Troy Crowder .
Edward injects Bella with his venom to save her life and turns her into a vampire .
Lake Trashmore is stocked with fish , but is unsanitary to fish in .
@ 8 km ) boardwalk at the oceanfront is often packed with fascinating entertainment , outdoor cafes , concerts and people .
Nests are made in the branches of thorny trees , and are untidy globular masses constructed from grass or other plant matter and lined with softer material .
During winter , the non @-@ breeding season , it forms larger flocks of as many as 30 birds , and joins flocks with other seed @-@ eating birds , such as house sparrows and red avadavats .
The nest has an entrance located higher up on the sides , is somewhat flat on top , and is lined with softer plant material and feathers .
The crew of the USS Pasadena found it on a scrap heap and took it with them to the US as a war trophy , donating it to the city of Pasadena ; the city council returned the bell to Tokyo in 1955 .
He goes to work the next day with a hangover , and falls asleep on the job as a safety inspector in a toy factory .
The film 's CGI effects have been compared favourably with later CGI films such as James Cameron 's 2009 film Avatar .
Peter Bracke from High @-@ Def Digest stated the DVD was " so packed with extras it was almost overwhelming " , stating that Sony went " all @-@ out " on the extra features in a likely attempt to boost DVD sales and recover losses .
The locomotives were custom @-@ built for the steep gradients on the Flåm and Hardanger Lines , and were delivered with an axle load of 12 tonnes ( 12 long tons ; 13 short tons ) and a Bo 'Bo ' wheel configuration .
 Asus designed the Zenbooks with brushed aluminium chassis and high rigidity , rather than plastic , the usual laptop construction material .
Like the quarterfinal , it was hosted at Starfire with a sellout crowd of 4 @,@ 547 .
 In the city the population was spread out with 29 @.
 The city operates its own water system , drawing groundwater from wells with an adjacent water treatment plant located just outside the city limits in Franklin Township as well as using a water reclamation facility along the Cuyahoga River in the southwestern part of the city .
The real animals captured on film aided Tippett Studio in creating CG rats and pigeons , which gave dynamic performances such as having pigeons that carried brooms in their beaks and rats that scrubbed with toothbrushes .
On some occasions , a small stuffed chipmunk with a wire armature on the inside was placed in the scene .
 Disney had originally planned to add Giselle to the Disney Princess line @-@ up , as was shown at a 2007 Toy Fair where the Giselle doll was featured with packaging declaring her with Disney Princess status , but decided against it when they realized they would have to pay for lifelong rights to Amy Adams ' image .
In Maccan , a tractor trailer loaded with lumber went off the road .
The song is a synthpop ballad with string sounds , pulsing bass and an electronic arrangement .
The song alongside " Hang with Me " were among the first songs to be recorded for the Body Talk series , and Robyn said that she saved them for a later release because " [ she ] knew they would be singles , or could be singles , and [ she ] wanted them to get that chance . "
 Paul Davey of Drowned in Sound wrote that the song " sits comfortably alongside " previous singles " Hang with Me " and " Dancing on My Own " .
Vitali had previously worked with Robyn on the music videos for " Hang with Me " and " Dancing on My Own " .
The dress for the video was made up of plastic pipes that were periodically filled with colored fluids and wrapped around Robyn 's body .
 Another execution was staged as a cruel twist on the story of Orpheus , who supposedly charmed the plants and flowers with his song after he lost Eurydice .
He admired the Thracian gladiators , and while arguing passionately with the crowd on the subject , did not let his preferences sway him from his promise .
Exteriors were shot in the busiest , noisiest areas with crowds of young Tony Curtis fans occasionally breaking through police barriers .
James Wong Howe : Cinematographer , a 1973 documentary about the film 's director of photography , featuring lighting tutorials with Howe , a new video interview with film critic and historian Neal Gabler ( Winchell : Gossip , Power and the Culture of Celebrity ) about legendary columnist Walter Winchell , inspiration for the character J. J. Hunsecker , and a new video interview with filmmaker James Mangold about Mackendrick , his instructor and mentor .
From this intersection , it heads north concurrenct with County Route 509 as a four @-@ lane divided highway with a 35 mph ( 56 km / h ) speed limit , soon interchanging with U.S. Route 46 .
Past US 46 , the road crosses a brook and County Route 509 ( Broad Street ) splits off , with Route 19 interchanging with the Garden State Parkway .
Here , the route has a southbound exit and northbound entrance with County Route 621 ( Valley Road ) before becoming an eight @-@ lane road and interchanging with Interstate 80 , where the speed limit drops to 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) .
To denote impending danger , " Peril " was used , which is " a low pulse , like a heartbeat , with deep chimes and low strings " .
Because she injected herself with the syringe , all of the Reavers on the ship die .
Ten thousand people lined up to get into the panel , and the panel ended with the entire crowd giving the cast and crew a standing ovation .
Landscape improvements were also done ; invasive plants were removed and replaced with native plantings with deeper roots to stabilize the stream banks and prevent erosion .
Media management and playback was enhanced with Picture and Video package , which converged the management of videos and pictures and Windows Media Player 10 Mobile .
Communication abilities were further enhanced with a new Microsoft Bluetooth Stack and VoIP ( Internet calling ) support with AEC ( Acoustic Echo Cancelling ) and MSRT Audio Codec .
Although the exact cause of death was never settled with certainty , physicians discounted such theories and eventually determined the cause as " a cardiac complication of acute articular rheumatism " .
 The album 's cover art , photographed by Brad Klausen , depicts an avocado cut in half with the seed still in place .
 Copies of the album were made available for pre @-@ order through Pearl Jam 's official website with different CD art and packaging than the retail version , and also a bonus disk featuring the band 's show on December 31 , 1992 at The Academy Theater in New York City .
 Pearl Jam promoted the album with a tour across North America , Europe , and Australia in 2006 .
Vedder started both concerts with an emotional plea to the crowd to look after each other .
But it delivers that seriousness not with the sodden self @-@ importance of rock superstardom , but with the craft and hunger of a band still proving itself on the spot . "
He submitted his demo tape — described as " an acoustic guitar song with electric guitar leads and keyboard strings , and raining sound effects " — to the company 's audio director .
With the expansion pack Firestorm , he attempted to " set things right " by writing more upbeat songs and including Stomp , which would also appear in Command & Conquer : Renegade .
 In 1986 Comverse went public on the Nasdaq Stock Market with a $ 20 million valuation ; the company used the money so gained as its final round of funding .
@ 6 million to settle the SEC 's case against him , with those monies being targeted to settle assorted lawsuits against Comverse by shareholders .
In 2009 , the SEC settled its case with Comverse Technology ; the company would not be subject to penalty fines over the backdating matter , but would accept a permanent injunction against itself regarding any future violations of law regarding publicly traded companies .
 Hungarian prehistory ( Hungarian : magyar őstörténet ) spans the period of history of the Hungarian people , or Magyars , which started with the separation of the Hungarian language from other Finno @-@ Ugric or Ugric languages around 800 BC , and ended with the Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin around 895 AD .
This form started spreading in Europe with Slavic mediation .
 If the Magyars ' original homeland was situated in Western Siberia , instead of being identical with Magna Hungaria , their ancestors moved from Western Siberia to Eastern Europe .
They buried their dead in shallow graves and showered the bodies with red ochre .
These are most frequently its skin , skull , and the lower legs ; these were put into its master 's grave , but occasionally only the harness was buried together with the warrior , or the horse 's skin was stuffed with hay .
As part of a beautification drive in 2001 , the main street was planted with roses , and the town is now promoted as a " village of roses " .
Land clearing , road construction , disease and conflicts with settlers drove them from their lands and decimated the population .
In the Lesbian Review of Books Donna Allegra writes , " [ S ] he summons the era 's attitudes and ambiance projecting them onto the screen of the reader 's mind with Dolby wrap @-@ around sound such that you feel you 're vacationing on all points between Chelsea and the East End . "
We don ’ t wish to give the world another stick with which to beat us . "
Kirkus Reviews also praised it , writing " Waters ' debut offers terrific entertainment : swiftly paced , crammed with colorful depictions of 1890s London and vividly sketched Dickensian supporting characters " , comparing the depiction of Nancy 's parents to the fishing community in David Copperfield , and adding that it " pulsat [ es ] with highly charged ( and explicitly presented ) erotic heat " .
 Banksia verticillata grows as a spreading , bushy shrub with many branches up to 3 m ( 10 ft ) high , but can reach 5 m ( 16 ft ) high in sheltered locations .
Translocation is considered an option in the future , as is spraying with phosphite , particularly in the vicinity of Walpole .
Fighting alongside his daughters and Nefario , Gru and his team spray all of the mutated Minions with jelly containing a powerful antidote that Dr. Nefario made , whereupon they revert to their friendly yellow state .
One problem was that the wings had to be folded one at a time by a crewman on top of the fuselage with a portable hydraulic pump , a time @-@ consuming process , so that the bomber could be moved out of the way to allow other aircraft to land or take off .
The plan was that the Savages would then be loaded with atomic bombs already aboard the carriers and launched once the carriers were in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea .
The mushroom is characterized by a stout fruit body with a smooth and sticky orange cap up to 7 cm ( 2 @.
The building was renovated between 1979 and 1982 by McLaughlin & Harvey Ltd with architects Elsom Pack & Roberts converting the building for office use and renaming it Angel Corner House .
In subsequent articles , the AP reported that many more South Korean civilians were killed when the U.S. military blew up two Naktong River bridges packed with refugees on Aug. 4 , 1950 , and when other refugee columns were strafed by U.S. aircraft in the war 's first months .
 By 2009 , the commission 's work of collating declassified U.S. military documents with survivors ' accounts confirmed eight representative cases of what it found were wrongful U.S. killings of hundreds of South Korean civilians , including refugees crowded into a cave attacked with napalm bombs , and those at a shoreline refugee encampment deliberately shelled by a U.S. warship .
This did not happen , however , and John was only able to retain the Duchy of Glogau , along with some other family domains in Hungary , after Matthias died in 1490 .
Matthias returned from Prague , but was only crowned with the Holy Crown of Hungary on 29 March 1464 , because he had spent the previous years with fighting against his opponents .
The most obvious and significant target of Willoughby 's force was a warehouse on the docks that was stocked with the captured silk from the East Indiamen captured by Caroline .
Rowley , who sought to cultivate good relations with the populace with a view to capturing the island in the near future , refused their demands and had the slaves returned to their owners , where eight were executed for plotting rebellion .
The agreed truce lasted five days , during which the British force loaded their ships with French government provisions , equipment , military and naval stores and those cargoes from captured British ships that had not been burnt by Willoughby .
According to Kitty Empire of The Observer , " Cold Case Love " takes six minutes to " arc from a riveting short story for vocal , organ and life @-@ support machine " into a " denouement laden with an actual living string section " .
 Zhang had to work closely with government censors during production of the film .
 In the city , Wei finds the people that Zhang was supposed to be working with , only to discover that they had lost him at the train station days before .
The ships were designed with two superimposed hangars ; the upper hangar was about 200 meters ( 656 ft 2 in ) long and had a width that varied between 18 @.
 The gorge has over 225 species of wildflowers , plants and trees , with scattered stands of old growth forest on some of its steepest walls .
The state has renovated the park camping area since 2003 , building modern bathrooms with flush toilets and hot showers , and no longer considers it " rustic " .
This has been designated as approved trout waters by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission , which means the waters will be stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season .
Entertainment Weekly gave the episode a B , describing it as " a well @-@ paced murder mystery with an inventive wrap @-@ up " .
The network elected to stick with the Oklahoma vs. Texas A & M game instead of switching to the Kansas vs. Texas game .
 Oak savanna is a type of grassland with scattered oak trees , found on the lowest slopes of the Table Rocks .
 The mounded prairie region is located on top of the plateaus , characterized by many species grasses and wildflowers around the vernal pools , with mounds of soil created by erosion .
As London spread westwards , the former farmland to the west became increasingly populated , and the Thames became seriously polluted with sewage and animal carcasses .
It was then packed with coal , field guns , ammunition , small arms , and various supplies .
Although he has generally tried to keep his personal life private , Booker has in the past described himself as a " straight male " and has said that he is trying to date more in hopes of finding someone to settle down with .
Returning to the County Championship , Westbury dropped down into the lower order batting , while at the same time seeing her workload with the ball increasing .
 Many amphibians catch their prey by flicking out an elongated tongue with a sticky tip and drawing it back into the mouth before seizing the item with their jaws .
often ingest aquatic plant material with the invertebrates on which they feed and a Brazilian tree frog ( Xenohyla truncata ) includes a large quantity of fruit in its diet .
Frogs have been caught on fish hooks baited with red flannel and green frogs ( Rana clamitans ) have been found with stomachs full of elm seeds that they had seen floating past .
One More Chance " ends with a brief pause of Madonna 's solo vocals , couple of guitar chords and then it dissipates with a final strung of a major chord on the instrument .
The two robots get ready to race around a city circuit , with the crowd cheering them on .
Nicknamed " the barn " , Wright 's home featured " a soaring ceiling with room for a rope swing hung from the rafters and space enough for two grand pianos .
 The anime was compiled into two animated theatrical films with new voice acting from the same cast .
As Mr. Burns bends down to pick up Little Monty , Bart reels a clothesline with some socks hanging from it , causing all of the puppies to stand up .
In 1741 and 1742 , the oak @-@ beamed roof was covered with plaster to make rooms in the roof space .
@ 8 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
On 4 August 1960 , when the ship was scheduled to be towed from Portsmouth to the breaker 's yard at Faslane , Scotland , the whole of the Southsea sea front was packed with people who came to see her off .
On March 4 , the system exited Madagascar into the Mozambique Channel with scattered thunderstorms slowly reforming .
 An acute nosebleed may be managed with a variety of measures , such as packing of the nasal cavity with absorbent swabs or gels .
Some patients may wish to learn packing themselves to deal with nosebleeds without having to resort to medical help .
The single featured " Phantom Lord " and " Seek & Destroy " as live tracks , although they are actually studio recordings with fake crowd noise dubbed over them .
In a retrospective review , Billboard praised Kill ' Em All for changing the face of popular music with its unique combination of punk and metal .
Greaves enters and updates Paxton on the status of the child , and Paxton injects himself in the neck with an unknown substance .
During " Poker Face " , she wore a bondage inspired black leather dress with guns hanging from it and a hat made of muzzles , and pumped her hands in the air while performing the song .
He said that the tour was " packed with more wattage than an overheated power plant and more costume changes than a thousand Vegas reviews , it 's the kind of show that leaves you with wide eyes , ringing ears , aching limbs and absolutely zero chance of making it to work in the morning . "
The third American leg concluded in Uniondale , New York with a sellout crowd of 13 @,@ 195 at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on April 23 , 2011 .
The Somerset fans and members were angry at the decision , but the Australians packed picnic baskets and after exchanging strong words with the locals , departed for the Quantock Hills .
The coal storage area to the north has been tarmaced and ash settling ponds have been filled with concrete .
Zombies also appear in the video , with hanging corpses and blood @-@ splattered furniture .
Ta @-@ Nehisi Coates of The Atlantic questioned " what would have become of John Mayer , had he cut a video with dead black women strewn about and invoked black women throughout his lyrics in the manner Kanye does " and labeled the video both racist and sexist in nature .
The island 's flora came to widespread attention with the 1999 publication of the book A Rum Affair by Karl Sabbagh , a British writer and television producer .
It reported to Mike Russell MSP the Minister for Environment in the Scottish Government , and in June a plan was announced to establish a locally @-@ run trust with the aim of reintroducing crofting settlements to the area around Kinloch village .
 Kenyon 's next rise came about as a result of his introduction to the Duke of Richmond , who was struggling with Sir James Lowther for the control of several Parliamentary constituencies .
Mygalomorphae spiders such as tarantulas exhibit deimatic behaviour ; when threatened , the spider rears back with its front legs and pedipalps spread and fangs bared .
To consolidate his hold on power , and with a view of supplanting the ruling Macedonian dynasty with his own family , he raised his eldest son Christopher to co @-@ emperor in May 921 , while Stephen and Constantine were proclaimed co @-@ emperors on 25 December 924 .
It may also be spread by skin infected with group A strep .
Two of his wives ascended the funeral pile with the dead body of the Raja .
The UK version of the limited @-@ edition red Wii was released October 29 , 2010 , preloaded with the original Donkey Kong game .
The device bundled with the Wii retail package is the Nunchuk unit , which features an accelerometer and a traditional analog stick with two trigger buttons .
 The country of Ahanta , in what is now the Western Region of the Republic of Ghana , comprised a regional power in the form of a confederacy of chiefdoms which had come in early contact with the European nations settling on the Gold Coast for the purpose of trade .
 The stoor worm , or Mester Stoor Worm , was a gigantic evil sea serpent of Orcadian folklore , capable of contaminating plants and destroying animals and humans with its putrid breath .
Her experience was questioned at the debate and she was asked how her three terms in Congress stacked up with Bush 's extensive government experience .
With most credentials battles settled in McKinley 's favor , the roll of delegates drawn up by the RNC heavily favored the Ohioan , though Reed , Allison , Morton and Quay remained in the race .
 The garden design , asserts the text , should include rocks and raised mounds of summits , manicured with plants and trees of diverse varieties , artificial ponds and flowing brooks .
Field expedient general courts were established to deal with civilians spreading rumours and military deserters .
The guards didn 't dare fire at him ... later they told me he made a great impression on them when they saw him run out with his pistol stuck in his belt , ignoring the danger , they didn 't dare shoot . "
When they finished broadcasting they found a small present from Deke Slayton in the food locker : a real turkey dinner with stuffing , in the same kind of pack that the troops in Vietnam received .
 The Binding of Isaac 's main concept was the result of a weeklong game jam that McMillen had with Florian Himsl ; at the time , his co @-@ contributor on Super Meat Boy , Tommy Refenes , was on vacation .
After outfitting her with electrodes and injecting her with more drugs , Walter starts the process by clanging a bell ; to everyone 's surprise , this causes Olivia to pass out .
The team sought to fill this perceived void by more accurately simulating the tournament experience , with a particular focus on crowds , commentary , atmosphere and the caddie .
 Project Stormfury was an attempt to weaken tropical cyclones by flying aircraft into them and seeding with silver iodide .
 With regard to hurricanes , it was hypothesized that by seeding the area around the eyewall with silver iodide , latent heat would be released .
 During the 1962 July – August storm season in Flagstaff , Arizona , the scientists , selected " guinea pig " storms , and seeded them with chemicals .
What once was the primitive method of hand @-@ dumping dry ice was replaced with rocket canisters loaded with silver iodide , and then gun @-@ like devices mounted on the wings of the airplanes that fired silver iodide into the clouds .
Talion and The Hammer then face off , with packs of Uruk joining the fight .
The area now supports various habitat types , with the heathland mixing with marshy grassland , with scattered scrub and pools .
In 1926 , when ownership of the Common was transferred to the local Council , a large area of barren land at the eastern end , closest to the town , was landscaped , with new trees planted .
21st Century Breakdown was only released in a Parental Advisory version containing explicit lyrics and content ; Wal @-@ Mart refuses to sell albums with a Parental Advisory sticker and requested that Green Day release a censored edition .
Those of females are pale yellow and have black markings with scattered white and orange @-@ brown hairs on the upper side .
Those of females ' are pale yellow and have black markings with scattered white and orange @-@ brown hairs on the upper side , but no tufts .
 Like many species of spider , a P. schultzi lays a continuous dragline of silk as it moves , and from time to time anchors the dragline to a surface with a spot of sticky silk .
 A Swiss trio , The Young Gods , brushed with the style on their second album , L 'Eau Rouge ( 1989 ) .
Miller is a former victim of bullying , and she became an advocate against bullying and cyberbullying on May 1 , 2013 , along with Super Bowl XLVII champion Jameel McClain , by becoming a global ambassador for STOMP Out Bullying .
In 1993 , Chilton and Stephens reformed Big Star with recruits Jon Auer and Ken Stringfellow of the Posies , and gave a concert at the University of Missouri .
In a Rolling Stone interview , Stephens said that the May 2010 tribute performance would be the group 's final show as Big Star , although not his last show with Auer and Stringfellow , stating , " I can 't see us going out as Big Star ...
 In December 2010 , under the billing " Big Star 's Third , " Stephens teamed with Mitch Easter , Stamey , and Mills , along with a string section , to perform a live tribute performance of Big Star 's album Third / Sister Lovers in Chapel Hill , North Carolina .
She settled down with a husband and led a peaceful life and requests that Sally tell Kathy 's brother Larry of her disappearance .
 The station 's architecture is an austere combination of concrete and stainless steel , with stacked banks of escalators supported from the cross @-@ bracing structures spanning the station box and routes for passengers entering or leaving the station separated from those changing between lines .
The 20th @-@ century historian Glenn Burger said , " The refusal of the Latin Christian states in the area to follow Hethum 's example and adapt to changing conditions by allying themselves with the new Mongol empire must stand as one of the saddest of the many failures of Outremer . "
Working with James Sayers , Oliphant managed to produce an improved version of the klystron capable of generating 400W .
Oliphant visited his friend Ernest Lawrence , and also spoke with James Conant and Enrico Fermi .
 Oliphant secured the services of fellow Australian physicist Harrie Massey , who had been working for the Admiralty on magnetic mines , along with James Stayers and Stanley Duke , who had worked with him on the cavity magnetron .
In the second semifinal match on August 10 , Styles defeated Williams with a small package pin at 9 minutes and 19 seconds .
He went on to say that the wrestlers " didn 't need to pull of a four star match with amazing spots to wow the crowd because they had the audience captivated from the get @-@ go . "
The torpedoes that were fired missed the monitors but struck a lighter loaded with fuel .
They have no dorsal fin to prevent collision with pack ice .
McKenzie felt the EP showed they were " wanting to get heavier and louder for a long time , but is it also a reaction against the sixties tags they 've been stuck with ? "
 Leigh : Concertino for Harpsichord and String Orchestra with Nicholas Braithwaite conducting the London Philharmonic Orchestra ; he also plays in Leigh 's Midsummer Night 's Dream suite ; Lyrita records ( 1980 )
 During the 1820s , Duyệt 's continued cultivated of relations with the immigrant Chinese community that had settled in southern Vietnam in large numbers brought him into conflict with Minh Mạng .
Following experimentation in free @-@ roaming camera control , the team settled with a branching rail camera that would follow along next to , behind , or in front of the character , generally looking at him , moving on a " track " through the world .
The feud was finally settled with a Hell in a Cell match at Armageddon , where The Undertaker offered to retire if he lost .
Lock with a kindo stick applied to the move .
On the November 3 Raw , after increasing frustration , Orton attacked Rollins during his Intercontinental Championship against Dolph Ziggler , causing Rollins to win by disqualification , and demanded a match with Rollins to settle their dispute , which Triple H granted in order to keep Orton on their side .
Again , there is little evidence for its use in this setting , as infectious endophthalmitis is treated widely and effectively with vancomycin injected directly into the eye .
However , because intravenous linezolid may be switched to an oral formulation ( tablets or oral solution ) without jeopardizing efficacy , patients may be discharged from hospital relatively early and continue treatment at home , whereas home treatment with injectable antibiotics may be impractical .
He then compared the song to work by other artists , stating that " the rapped verses are sub @-@ Fergie @-@ grade , proudly stuffed with groaners and to @-@ hell @-@ with @-@ the @-@ expiration @-@ date slang . "
The defendant , however , replied that he had " not the most distant idea of selling his wife , who was , poor creature , at home with her hungry children , while he was endeavouring to earn a bit of bread for them by the strength of his lungs . "
Mike E. Clark received praise for the album 's production , which David Jeffries described as " inventive " , and Adam Graham described as being " packed with enough hooks , chants and stellar riffs to tide the Juggalo Nation over through a year 's supply of Faygo . "
 After his discharge from the Australian Imperial Force , Whittle re @-@ settled in Hobart with his family .
His unaccompanied introduction to " Watcher of the Skies " on the album Foxtrot ( 1972 ) , played on a Mk II with combined strings and brass , became significant enough that Streetly Electronics provided a " Watcher Mix " sound with the M4000 .
He bought a second @-@ hand M400 and was immediately impressed with the strings and choir sounds .
It is instrumentally complete with a piano and strings .
They further added , " The new classic kicks off with the plucking off some light strings and you know by the end you 'll be singing through tears . "
After recording , the band set out on the inaugural Epitaph Tour , alongside Matchbook Romance and From First to Last , with appearances by the Matches and Scatter the Ashes on select dates .
The group 's leader was Luke Hogan ( 1885 – 1954 ) , of Irish stock and closely identified with the Catholic caucus .
Foldit , a Rosetta @ Home videogame , aims to reach these goals with a crowdsourcing approach .
To avoid duplicate structure predictions on a given protein , each workunit is initialized with a random number seed .
Because bears who show aggression towards people usually are eventually destroyed , park personnel have continued to come up with innovative ways to have bears associate humans and their property with unpleasant experiences , such as being hit with rubber bullets .
Johnson tried to pack the injured shoulder with wool , held in place by adhesive tape .
The scene in which Walter Skinner tells Doggett that he himself witnessed Mulder being taken away aboard a UFO was filmed in the second part of Patrick 's first night of production on the series ; this scene also marked the first time that Patrick got to work with Pileggi .
Gomes scored 76 goals in his first spell at Benfica ; expectations were high , with crowds gathering to see him in training sessions .
 Walls and public transport vehicles were plastered with slogans , including " Beware of the evil king Bảo Đại 's preference for gambling , women , wine , milk , and butter .
The Serbs living west of the Morava — or " the compact masses of the Serbian element " , as the Austro @-@ Hungarians called them — were to be expelled and replaced with Austrian settlers ( colonisten ) , who would " change the psychology [ of the region ] , making Serbia more Habsburg [ and ] less Serbian in outlook . "
The younger Arnold was using the place name of Providence loosely , since Providence had not yet been founded ; the Arnolds actually settled with Roger Williams at Seekonk near the western edge of the Plymouth Colony ( now Rehoboth , Massachusetts ) .
The Plymouth governor Edward Winslow , gently urged Williams to move with his fellow settlers across the Seekonk River into the lands of the Narragansetts .
Lettuce will also cross with Lactuca serriola ( wild lettuce ) , with the resulting seeds often producing a plant with tough , bitter leaves .
Weeds can also be an issue , as cultivated lettuce is generally not competitive with them , especially when directly seeded into the ground .
In contrast , the ancient Greeks connected the plant with male impotency , and served it during funerals ( probably due to its role in the myth of Adonis ' death ) , and British women in the 19th century believed it would cause infertility and sterility .
 Some American settlers claimed that smallpox could be prevented through the ingestion of lettuce , and an Iranian belief suggested consumption of the seeds when afflicted with typhoid .
It is typically made by combining meat or bone stock with sautéed vegetables , which – as well as beetroots – usually include cabbage , carrots , onions , potatoes and tomatoes .
Fasting varieties are typically made with fish stock to avoid the use of meat , while purely vegetarian recipes often substitute the stock with forest mushroom broth .
The traditional technique of preparing the soup is to precook the vegetables – by sautéing , braising , boiling or baking – separately from the meat and only then to combine them with the stock .
The beetroots may be partially baked before being sprinkled with vinegar or lemon juice to preserve the color and braised separately from other vegetables .
The Lviv borscht is based on bone stock and is served with chunks of Vienna sausages .
It is made by combining strained meat @-@ and @-@ vegetable stock with wild mushroom broth and beet sour .
In this version , meat stock is either omitted or replaced with fish broth , usually made by boiling the heads cut off from fish used in other Christmas Eve dishes .
It is typically served over finely chopped beetroot , cucumbers , radishes and green onion , together with halves of a hard @-@ boiled egg and sprinkled with fresh dill .
Like beetroot borscht , it is based on meat or vegetable broth and is typically served with boiled potatoes and hard @-@ boiled eggs , sprinkled with dill .
 The Armenian version of borscht is a hot soup made with beef stock , green peppers and other vegetables , which may or may not include beetroots , and flavored with parsley and cilantro .
Simon Syrenius ( Szymon Syreński ) , a 17th @-@ century Polish botanist , described " our Polish hogweed " as a vegetable that was well known throughout Poland , Rus ' , Lithuania and Samogitia ( that is , most of the northern part of Eastern Europe ) , typically used for cooking a " tasty and graceful soup " with capon stock , eggs , sour cream and millet .
1686 , contains an instruction for making hogweed borscht mixed with poppy seeds or ground almonds .
In the 1970s , the tubes were replaced with packages of rehydratable freeze @-@ dried borscht with regular @-@ size bits of cooked vegetables .
Christmas Eve borscht is , therefore , either vegetarian or based on fish stock and is not typically mixed with sour cream .
Bruce maintained a wide correspondence with experts , including Sir Joseph Hooker , who had travelled to the Antarctic with James Clark Ross in 1839 – 43 , and to whom Bruce dedicated his short book Polar Exploration .
They are able to speak and converse with mariners and are especially vocal when soaking vessels with water spray , roaring with laughter as vessels capsize .
Beginning with the splashdown area , construction later progressed into the Immelman loop and station areas .
The Arkansas law passed unanimously in 1983 , referenced albums by The Beatles , Pink Floyd , Electric Light Orchestra , Queen and Styx , and mandated that records with backmasking include a warning sticker : " Warning : This record contains backward masking which may be perceptible at a subliminal level when the record is played forward . "
The creek is stocked with trout in some places .
The song ends with a string ostinato that simply fades away , without fully resolving to the tonic chord .
The judge also ordered Warner Bros. , EMI and Sony to spread the decision within fifteen days to media outlets on pain of a penalty of € 125 @,@ 000 for non @-@ compliance with the court order .
Sputnikmusic gave the song a positive review , impressed by how " interesting percussion backing , beautiful use of strings with techno effects and Madonna at her soothing best " .
He asked me if I could write him a new line @-@ up with the strings .
Bramwell recalls that , inspired by Voormann 's comment on hearing " Strawberry Fields Forever " – that " the whole thing sounded like it was played on a strange instrument " – he spent two days dressing up a large tree in the park to resemble " a piano and harp combined , with strings " .
I wanted to maintain and keep consistent with the look of the album packaging and book , and I really wanted to keep all that in line , and so he really paid attention , and I think it 's really iconic and classic .
The character first appeared in " Adrift " , where he was only shown briefly , knocking down three of the show 's main characters with a stick .
Scrub was often cleared first with fire ; some got out of control and swamp fires could burn for weeks .
 Despite gaining Golubac , Sultan Murad II was not pleased with the increased Hungarian influence elsewhere in Serbia , so he sent his army to attack .
He discovers Sarcophagus , who has become insane as the result of being injected with Rajaijah juice , " the poison of madness " .
Unwrapping one of the cigars with the mysterious Kih @-@ Oskh symbol , Tintin explains to the Maharaja how opium was smuggled across the world in the cigars .
Without Wallez , Hergé became despondent , and in March 1934 he tried to resign , but was encouraged to stay after his monthly salary was increased from 2000 and 3000 francs and his workload was reduced , with Jamin taking responsibility for the day @-@ to @-@ day running of Le Petit Vingtième .
As the landing boats , each flying a national flag and packed with soldiers , made for the shore , Burnside noted that he had , " never seen a more beautiful sight . "
The margin is non @-@ striate ( without any grooves ) , and appendiculate ( with partial veil remnants hanging along the cap margin ) .
@ 5 µm diameter with a few scattered oleiferous ( oil @-@ containing ) hyphae , 5 – 12 @.
The stem tissue is hard and brittle ; it is initially stuffed with a soft pith that develops cavities , or becomes entirely hollow in maturity .
Cavalry charged into the crowd with sabres drawn , and in the ensuing confusion , 15 people were killed and 400 – 700 were injured .
By this time St Peter 's Field , an area of 14 @,@ 000 square yards ( 11 @,@ 700 m2 ) , was packed with tens of thousands of men , women and children .
From his vantage point William Hulton perceived the unfolding events as an assault on the yeomanry , and on L 'Estrange 's arrival at 1 : 50 pm , at the head of his hussars , he ordered them into the field to disperse the crowd with the words : " Good God , Sir , don 't you see they are attacking the Yeomanry ; disperse the meeting ! "
 Originally designed to protect Norman dominance around the outskirts of London and oversee a strategically important part of the River Thames , Windsor Castle was built as a motte @-@ and @-@ bailey , with three wards surrounding a central mound .
The absence of space at Windsor continued to prove problematic , with James ' English and Scottish retinues often quarrelling over rooms .
Charles attempted to restock Windsor Great Park with deer brought over from Germany , but the herds never recovered their pre @-@ war size .
Rupert created apartments for himself in the Round Tower , decorated with an " extraordinary " number of weapons and armour , with his inner chambers " hung with tapisserie , curious and effeminate pictures " .
Working with the architect James Wyatt , George attempted to " transform the exterior of the buildings in the Upper Ward into a Gothic palace , while retaining the character of the Hugh May state rooms " .
The Long Walk was planted with fresh trees to replace the diseased stock .
McGee spent half of his training camp away from his usual gym " Victory MMA " , instead preferring to stick with his Ultimate Fighter coach , Chuck Liddell at The Pit .
McGee said that his path into drug and alcohol abuse began when he started to hang out with " the wrong people - drinking , partying . "
 with James Robinson , The Later Heidegger and Theology , 1963
 with James Robinson , The New Hermeneutic , 1964
 with James Robinson , Theology as History , 1967
The basing of nuclear armed aircraft , and the stockpiling of nuclear weapons without consultation with the local authorities soon ran into political complications .
Behind him is a hanging tablecloth decorated with a crown and beneath it is the bride 's table .
Writing for Allrovi , Stewart Mason described the song as " a hyperactive synth pop classic " , whose " every nook and cranny is stuffed with some sort of ear @-@ grabbing hook " .
Davies stated that he " always wanted to do a show with someone who was a rubbish companion " and dubbed Adam " the companion that couldn 't " .
Virgin designed certain segments to be viewed with packaged stereostopic Chromatek plastic glasses .
In the " Bad " ending , Travis awakens strapped to a gurney and is injected with an unknown substance : he starts convulsing and has a series of visions in which he kills two people and his form is briefly replaced by that of the Butcher .
Described as a " dark fairy tale " by Stephen Dalton in The Times – " The Wizard of Oz meets The Truman Show , with a light sprinkling of Life On Mars " – it is based on imaginary events in the career of Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman .
 Note : The digital downloads were released as single tracks with a duration of 64 : 32 ( Swedish broadcast version ) and 64 : 33 ( English version ) .
Hubbard stated on another occasion that he had been " one of the first officers back from the upper battle areas " and that he had " sent on my own authority , four cargo ships loaded to the gunwales with machine gun ammunition , rifle ammunition and quinine up to MacArthur . "
Kingdom Hearts Final Mix , in addition to being created from the ground up due to lost assets from the original game , had the most adjustments made to its gameplay , including adding Reaction Commands first introduced in Kingdom Hearts II and allowing the camera to be moved with the right thumb stick .
 After working with the cover for the album , provisionally titled Runaway Train , Levy went on vacation and travelled with Pearl Jam on their 2008 tour .
He stated : " The artist constructs a new symbol with his brush .
One is reputed to have been drawn by Sir Francis Dashwood himself , while the Tapestry Room , once ante @-@ room to the adjoining former principal bedroom , is hung with Brussels tapestries depicting peasant scenes by Teniers .
 There 's a lot of elements about video games to poke fun of , especially in first @-@ person shooters , which all have a lot of things in common , such as health kits , ammo , and barrels filled with explosive material strewn about levels for no practical , real @-@ world reason .
While the conversion would have better anti @-@ torpedo protection , larger magazines for aircraft bombs than a keel @-@ up carrier and a more room for aircraft landings ( the after elevator would be 28 feet farther up ) , it would also be a half @-@ knot slower with less hangar space ( about 16 percent less ) , less emergency fuel and " narrower lines " aft ( pilots landing on the converted battlecruiser would not have as wide of a runway to aim for ) .
Jones wanted the respect of his Christian neighbours , who disapproved of polygamy , and so Jones settled permanently with Sarah Tekarihogen , who had converted to Christianity .
There is normally a broad temperature gradient behind the boundary with more widely spaced isotherm packing .
After Fitzpatrick 's arrival , the settlement of approximately 70 people prospered with the introduction of a plantation regimen based on black slavery .
The Master , oblivious to the dangers , was found lying at ease smoking a pipe with his wife beside him knitting stockings .
Permanent human settlements in the county began with the arrival of American settlers in the last decade of the 18th century .
Corydon began competing with other southern Indiana settlements to become the new capital of the territory after its reorganization in 1809 .
A group of mounds at Westhay mark the site of pre @-@ historic lake dwellings , which were likely to have been similar to those found in the iron age Glastonbury Lake Village near Godney , itself built on a morass on an artificial foundation of timber filled with brushwood , bracken , rubble and clay .
 Population decline accelerated with the early settlement of the islands in the early 19th century , leading to unregulated hunting for meat , habitat clearance for agriculture , and the introduction of alien mammal species .
 Aggies made their mark on the gridiron with former All Pro Green Bay Packer Lee Roy Caffey , 1 Pro @-@ Bowl , 4 World Championships , including 3 Super Bowls , title @-@ winning coach Gene Stallings , Oakland Raiders head coach Dennis Allen , Houston Oilers defensive tackle Ray Childress , Heisman Trophy winners John David Crow and Johnny Manziel , Heisman runner @-@ up , legislator , and actor John Kimbrough , punt returner Dante Hall , offensive tackle Richmond Webb , Detroit Lions defensive end and punter Yale Lary , former Dallas Cowboys assistant coach and former player Dat Nguyen , punter Shane Lechler , Denver Broncos linebacker Von Miller , and defensive end Ty Warren .
 As time went on , Tapeworm evolved into a supergroup , with guest musicians such as Maynard James Keenan , Page Hamilton , and Phil Anselmo recording material ostensibly to be used by the group .
After settling his contract dispute with Fox , Duchovny quit full @-@ time participation in the show after the seventh season .
 Watts later shows Black a picture taken at the murder scene , with Sammael recognizable among a crowd of people .
 The death cap has a large and imposing epigeous ( aboveground ) fruiting body ( basidiocarp ) , usually with a pileus ( cap ) from 5 to 15 cm ( 2 to 6 in ) across , initially rounded and hemispherical , but flattening with age .
The stipe is white with a scattering of grayish @-@ olive scales and is 8 to 15 cm ( 3 to 6 in ) long and 1 to 2 centimetres ( 3 ⁄ 8 to 3 ⁄ 4 in ) thick , with a swollen , ragged , sac @-@ like white volva ( base ) .
While living in Pleasant Valley , Barshaw struggled to integrate with settler life .
Unlike previous games in the series , the player can also control the camera with the right analog stick , allowing for a 360 ° view of the surroundings .
Using parodies of corporate logos and slogans , the group sought to publicly embarrass the companies into changing their corporate policies in dealing with their poultry suppliers .
Trans @-@ Pacific Foods administered the chain 's 81 locations until September 2003 when the new management team of Burger King Corporation reached an agreement with Hungry Jack 's Pty Ltd to re @-@ brand the existing Burger King locations to Hungry Jack 's and make HJP the sole master franchisee of both brands .
The low merged with a trough and spread rainfall northward through India .
Lori E. Pike of the Los Angeles Times gave the album a grade of an A- , saying that " Collins ' recipe of tense vocals spiced with saucy horns and splashy electro @-@ jitterbugging synthesisers often leaves little room for real feeling to squeeze through .
Stephen Williams of Newsday said that the album was " loaded with musical hooks and textured arrangements ... it also lacks the tense edge that was part of Collins ' work with Genesis . "
 Dave Langford reviewed Dragons of Autumn Twilight for White Dwarf , suggesting that it was " inspired by an AD & D campaign full of chunks ripped bleeding from Tolkien " and complained about the " Deadly predictable questing , with stock D & D characters in familiar encounters " and ultimately reported that he " Couldn 't finish this one . "
He was separated from the French troops by a narrow No Man 's Land and described the landscape as : " Strewn with shattered trees , the ground ploughed up by shellfire , a wilderness of earth , tree @-@ roots and tattered uniforms . "
She entices the crowd with a seductive come @-@ on before luring Jackson to her bedroom , through the fragrance of her perfume .
The surrounding lands are planted with almond trees , wheat , and barley ; they also contain animal sheds , a fodder plant , and a pump installed on the spring of ' Ayn al @-@ Hajja .
@ 6 km2 ( 11 @,@ 000 acres ) were planted with cereals ( wheat and barley ) .
 When the crew began production on the pilot , they were tasked with designing the stock locations where " ... the show would return to again and again , and in which most of the action would take place , such as the Krusty Krab and SpongeBob 's pineapple house " .
He was replaced by Markus Keller , who re @-@ recorded a track from the demo ; the track was included on the split with Poppy Seed Grinder , released through the Czech label Grodhaisn in 2001 .
 Talk Evolution / The Parasite ( split with Poppy Seed Grinder ) ( 2002 )
At one point Rowe was forced to take down his site after it was overwhelmed by around 250 @,@ 000 page views over a period of twelve hours , only managing to get the site back up after changing to a service provider with a higher capacity .
 After settling the dispute with Microsoft , Rowe attempted to auction off the documentation he had received on the on @-@ line auction site eBay , describing it as " a piece of Internet history . "
The Wolf Pack accepted their invitation with a 7 – 4 record in their first eleven games of the season , while the Wildcats accepted their invitation after finishing the regular season at 7 – 5 .
On 11 February 2007 , Barrowman co @-@ presented coverage of the BAFTA Film Awards , along with Ruby Wax for E !
This significant increase in pesticide and fertilizer use associated with the industrialization of agriculture has had adverse effects on the Bombus genus.The bees are directly exposed to the chemicals in two ways : by consuming nectar that has been directly treated with pesticide , or through physical contact with treated plants and flowers .
 According to 20th @-@ century folklore , the laws of aerodynamics prove the bumblebee should be incapable of flight , as it does not have the capacity ( in terms of wing size or beats per second ) to achieve flight with the degree of wing loading necessary .
These modifications included an extensively modified bomb bay with pneumatic doors and British bomb attachment and release systems , reversible pitch propellers that gave more braking power on landing , improved engines with fuel injection and better cooling , and the removal of protective armor and gun turrets .
It is a publicly traded company , with its stocks listed only on Pink Sheets as the company offers a limited number of shares to potential shareholders .
The containers were loaded into trucks with ice packed around them to keep the ice cream fresh and cold .
Chronic berylliosis is a pulmonary and systemic granulomatous disease caused by inhalation of dust or fumes contaminated with beryllium ; either large amounts over a short time or small amounts over a long time can lead to this ailment .
In 2011 , Vikram was selected as a Youth Envoy for the United Nations Human Settlements Programme with his aim being to spread awareness about the statutes of U.N Habitat which include urban stabilisation and to help formulate plans for effective water management , slum eradication and women and youth empowerment .
Soon after he announced two further social projects , " Karka Kasadara " and " Patchai Puratchi " , with the former being to identify school and college drop outs and help them to stand on their own feet , while the latter was about planting trees with an aim to make Chennai go green .
An S @-@ shaped path ran between flowering shrubs in accordance with the theory 's preference for serpentine shapes .
It proved unfeasible to operate the Sea King from the unmodified Nilgiri @-@ class , with the last two ships of the class being fitted with an enlarged flight deck and hangar .
 Electronic warfare version for the Egyptian Air Force , fitted with integrated ESM and jamming system , with radomes on side of fuselage ; four built .
These plants also produce other leaves with shorter leaf stalks that are not long enough to reach the surface , and so the leaflets remain underwater .
While heterospory is the norm among all plants with seeds , such as the flowering plants and conifers , it is very rare among other groups of plants .
For the new recording , Allman aimed for a " swamp " -like atmosphere , " with the image of moss hanging off the trees , alligators and fog , darkness , [ and ] witches , " he later wrote .
He returned to the team almost a year later , on 12 August 2006 , as an 88th @-@ minute substitute in a 1 – 1 home draw with Stockport County .
He was one of three Big Ten selections to the 20 @-@ man Jerry West Award preseason watchlist ( along with James Blackmon , Jr. and Rasheed Sulaimon ) announced by the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame .
The internal walls consist of " hollow , porous , terra @-@ cotta blocks " covered with plaster , and the hotel 's flooring was also made fireproof .
The panels of the walls are treated like picture frames , with inner and outer mouldings , in contrast to the window frames and the wall mirrors which are surrounded by " clusters of reeds , with an inset behind which a curtain could hang without obscuring the moulding " , according to Binney .
Using parodies of corporate logos and slogans , the group sought to publicly embarrass the companies into changing their corporate policies in dealing with their poultry suppliers .
Trans @-@ Pacific Foods administered the chain 's 81 locations until September 2003 when the new management team of Burger King Corporation reached an agreement with Hungry Jack 's Pty Ltd to re @-@ brand the existing Burger King locations to Hungry Jack 's and make HJP the sole master franchisee of both brands .
The pelican consequently prepared to go to war against them by daubing himself with white clay as war paint .
Then angles of different scenery are shown such as a deserted area with a boat next to railroad resembling Noah 's Ark , railroad pathaway , and a True Cross with a key hung over it .
They presumably settled disputes by striking each other with their wings ; to aid this purpose , they used the knobs on their wrists .
Both Schleck brothers were mentioned as possible pre @-@ race contenders , and Fränk Schleck rode to sixth place on the day by finishing with the first chase pack back of solo winner Philippe Gilbert and second @-@ placed Carlos Barredo .
The drummer attributed this to the acoustic tour leading the band to " shed some of the fear of incorporating mellower stuff with the heavy stuff " , and Grohl added that " we wanted the stops to be pin @-@ drop silent before exploding .
 As the acoustic tour made Grohl realize " we were making music worth listening to , rather than music made for pummelling the person next to you " he decided to give more importance to the lyrics and " have a connection with the crowd in front of us " , considering that among the many compositions the band made on pre @-@ production " the ones that stand out are the ones that say something " .
The dam was expected to be fully operational in 2009 , but additional projects , such as the underground power plant with six additional generators , delayed full operation until May 2012 .
In August 2008 the program introduced the Freshman Wilderness Experience , which couples a week @-@ long backpacking trip on the Appalachian Trail with a monthly class to assist students in transitioning from high school to college life .
At this time the region was under the jurisdiction of the United States after the settling of the Oregon boundary dispute with Great Britain the previous year .
Charles gave his permission for the document to be published , and he , his family and the remnants of his Court departed for the Royal shooting lodge at Eckartsau , close to the borders with Hungary and Slovakia .
Investigators found the four children tucked in their beds , some with stuffed toys in their arms .
 Sonny Siaki accompanied the team of Apolo and Lance Hoyt for their match with Kip James and Monty Brown next .
Roode 's fellow Team Canada member Petey Williams interfered in the contest distracting the referee , allowing Roode to attempt to hit Hardy with the a hockey stick .
Later , Roode re @-@ entered the ring with Hardy remaining at ringside , allowing Jeff Jarrett to attack Hardy from behind with a hockey stick .
AMW were the next eliminated ; Young pinned Harris with a roll @-@ up after A @-@ 1 hit Harris across the back with a hockey stick .
In 2011 , Ofcom published a consultation with the intent to push DAB coverage across the United Kingdom up to the same level as enjoyed by FM broadcasting in the United Kingdom .
@ 9 % of all radio listening hours by the second quarter of 2015 were through digital platforms , with DAB making up for the majority of digital radio listening ( 67 % ) , and twenty six million households claim to have access to a DAB radio set .
DAB radios also come with features such as station lists , so listeners do not need to retune their receivers , as well as scrolling text , providing information such as breaking news , travel information or the latest track information .
The other drawback with DAB is that it is all or nothing .
The DRDB recommended that consumers should check DAB coverage online with their postcode before purchasing a DAB radio to avoid disappointment .
Moretta also cited greater expense for broadcasters and overall satisfaction with the current audio quality of DAB stations of which a move to DAB + would only benefit a small number of audiophiles as other reasons .
She began smoking two years later in an attempt to sound like The Distillers ' frontwoman Brody Dalle , " but it never worked , and now I 'm just stuck with a bad habit . "
Even with the stringent rationing , the food and materials which civilians should officially have been entitled to were not always available .
The blimp is loaded with high explosives and set to detonate near the center of the city .
The publication was shipped with a sticker of the missing text , which readers could place over the wordless balloon to complete the page .
 Upon seeing P 4 / 5 Luca di Montezemolo felt that the car deserved to be officially badged as a Ferrari and along with Andrea Pininfarina and James Glickenhaus agreed that its official name would be " Ferrari P 4 / 5 by Pininfarina " .
The teams were seeded before the start of the tournament , with the seedings taken from the World Rankings in December 2012 .
The restoration work revealed that the globe is weighted with sand and made from layers of small pieces of paper overlaid with a coat of plaster about 1 ⁄ 8 inch ( 3 mm ) thick .
Resuming his aerial program , he was reported on 17 September as having " thrilled " lunch @-@ time crowds in Sydney the previous day with " three daring spiral dives " over Hyde Park .
Orderic went on to claim that Ranulf was " educated from boyhood with base parasites among the hangers @-@ on of the court " .
 Loaded subsequently signed a deal with Century Media and , at the suggestion of the label , voted to change the name of the group to Duff McKagan 's Loaded , stating that " [ they could ] always just turn it back to Loaded once [ they ] get [ their ] foot in the door . "
 In February 2010 , Loaded parted ways with Century Media and began looking for a new label , having already written and demoed new material .
The same month , both McKagan and Rouse performed at the Hootenanny For Haiti at the Showbox at the Market in Seattle with Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready and Fastbacks bassist Kim Warnick , as well as Truly and former Screaming Trees drummer Mark Pickerel , among others .
Loaded entered the studio in August with Terry Date , who had approached the band about producing their album , and they completed it by the beginning of September .
It was later revealed in interviews with guitarist Mike Squires and filmmaker Jamie Burton Chamberlin that the album title was changed to The Taking and was to be released on April 19 .
The band are also collaborating with filmmaker and documentarian Jamie Burton Chamberlin on a film based on the album .
Larimer named the town site Denver City to curry favor with Kansas Territorial Governor James W. Denver .
@ 26 km ) along Terminal Avenue between DE 9 and the Port of Wilmington , interchanging with I @-@ 495 .
 Most programming environments with recursive subroutines use a stack for control flow .
 The word * multiplies the two numbers on the top of the stack and replaces them with their product .
For colon defined words , the code field pointer points to the word that will save the current Forth instruction pointer ( IP ) on the return stack , and load the IP with the new address from which to continue execution of words .
 The word ' ( tick ) takes the name of a word as a parameter and returns the execution token associated with that word on the data stack .
Generally speaking , a Forth program is saved as the memory image of the compiled program with a single command ( e.g.
He ultimately loses his football scholarship , and in the episode " Kinetic " he starts ignoring Lana , and begins hanging around with past high school football stars , who recruit him for their illegal endeavors .
Victoria appointed him her Indian Secretary , showered him with honours , and obtained a land grant for him in India .
She is fat and not uncomely , a delicate shade of chocolate and gorgeously attired , rings on her fingers , rings on her nose , a pocket mirror set in turquoises on her thumb and every feasible part of her person hung with chains and bracelets and ear @-@ rings , a rose @-@ pink veil on her head bordered with heavy gold and splendid silk and satin swathings round her person .
According to an often @-@ told story , during one of the earliest of the royal couple 's repeated encounters with the crowds , a Boer War veteran asked Elizabeth , " Are you Scots or are you English ? "
Her signature dress of large upturned hat with netting and dresses with draped panels of fabric became a distinctive personal style .
... when a wave breaks on a rock , it showers and sparkles with a brilliant play of foam and droplets in the sun , yet beneath is really hard , tough rock , fused , in her case , from strong principles , physical courage and a sense of duty . "
In 2005 , the city council voted to replace all existing T1000 and T1300 stock with the MX3000 , increasing the quantity by another 30 units .
Dilip lives in the slums around the plant with his wife , a son and his sister .
During the 1969 – 70 season , home attendances at league matches averaged over 550 , with the largest crowd being the 2 @,@ 144 people who watched their FA Cup match against local rivals Salisbury .
Batista attempted to perform a suplex on Vader , a move that consists of one wrestler picking up his opponent off the ground and then using a large portion of his or her own body weight to drive the opponent down on the mat , but Goldust managed to hit Batista with a kendo stick .
In a 2009 interview with James Barron of The New York Times , Feiden said that she did know that Solanas intended to kill Warhol , but could not prevent it .
During the 16th and 17th centuries the commons were overstocked with agisted livestock , from farmers outside the immediate area who were charged for the privilege .
@ 7 hectares ( 7 @,@ 741 acres ) and including the River Barle and its tributaries with submerged plants such as alternate water @-@ milfoil ( Myriophyllum alterniflorum ) .
We really pushed the envelope with some of the stuff we were doing . "
@ 9 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
Their high explosive shells weighed 10 kg ( 22 lb ) , and were loaded with a 3 kg ( 6 @.
He earned a living as a young man drawing portraits and posters in dime museums , and attracted large crowds with his ability to draw quickly in public .
Greg O 'Keefe of the Liverpool Echo , who also reviewed the first episode , as both episodes are considered a two @-@ part story , stated it was " packed with great action sequences , razor @-@ sharp writing and the usual quota of twists and turns .
The video ends with the group jumping onto and sitting on a couch in the middle of the park with the crowd stopping in the background .
The accompanying music video was directed by Chris Applebaum and features Hudgens dancing in front of colorful backdrops and hanging out with her friends .
The song opens with a string @-@ laden intro .
As built , they were armed with four 4 @-@ inch ( 10 cm ) guns and had four twin 21 @-@ inch ( 530 mm ) torpedo tubes with a load of eight torpedoes , but all were later equipped with depth charges .
 In November 1912 , the General Board offered several alternatives to reduce the size of the destroyer , and was convinced by C & R that the most practical solution was a design that shared much with the O 'Brien class : matching that class ' main battery and torpedo load but with a design speed of 29 @.
All were equipped with four twin torpedo tubes loaded with eight torpedoes except for the Sampsons ( which had four triple tubes carrying twelve torpedoes ) , but the Cassin and Aylwin classes were armed with 18 @-@ inch ( 457 mm ) torpedoes ; the rest with 21 @-@ inch ( 533 mm ) torpedoes .
Victor Child Villiers , 7th Earl of Jersey , leased the castle to the Corporation of Rochester in 1870 for use as a public park ; when it opened to the public in 1872 , Rochester Castle was presented as a picturesque ruin , with trees planted in the enclosure and the walls overgrown with ivy .
It most likely took the form of a motte @-@ and @-@ bailey castle , with a mound and an outer enclosure defended by a timber palisade and earthen banks .
The keep was richly decorated with hangings and furnishings .
 In 2014 , Junchang Lü described the tribe Alioramini with the genera Qianzhousaurus and Alioramus .
Several rape victims have reported that their assailants forced them to shower or clean themselves with bleach after their assaults .
Rollins later claimed that a member of the campaign accused him of being a Bush plant with ties to the CIA .
Efforts were made to stock 8 Field Supply Depot with seven days ' supply of fuel and stores , and 500 rounds per gun of ammunition .
@ 7 m ) pipes packed with ammonal — as Italian artillery fire began to land , mainly behind them .
In 2016 a solar PV plant with 7 @.
The interior walls were hung with rich tapestries from Arras in France , while an inventory taken in 1639 recorded a large number of silver and gilt plate kept in the Great Tower , including a basket for the consumption of oranges and lemons , then luxury items in Wales .
The majority of the tracks are new age , combining the smooth jazz of their previous album with strings , funk , and classical .
This is one I 'm definitely going to buy I 'd like to do more stuff with complicated melodies , everybody playing together , drum breaks , things like that . "
Luisa , who has been conned twice and stuck with armfuls of magazines , is forced to share a room at the hotel with Dee Dee ( Elizabeth Bracco ) , a young woman who has just left her boyfriend ( Johnny from the final story ) and who plans to leave the city in the morning .
After the war the city centre was completely rebuilt and subsequent expansion led to the incorporation of Plympton and Plymstock along with other outlying suburbs in 1967 .
 The Grove Church Cemetery is a nonsectarian cemetery , located on the western slope of the Hudson Palisades , along with several other cemeteries in a string of green open space , in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States .
Arzt and Crafts " also got an 8 and was said to have " a cleverly devised title " and was " packed with a healthy amount of humor " . "
The same day she also damaged the British cargo ship Berwindale , en route to Avonmouth with a load of wheat from Galveston , Texas .
Andy becomes concerned about Erin 's behavior , not least because Robert California ( James Spader ) has revealed that his marriage is ending , spends a good deal of the party hanging out with Erin and pressures her into drinking shots .
The performances of the Romanian men , along with the design of the rubber suits , caused director Ted Nicolaou to rethink his approach .
The paraphyses are initially filamentous or thread @-@ like ( filiform ) but swell with age to resemble a string of beads ( moniliform ) .
The fungus 's natural habitat in Japan is disappearing because of the practice of deforestation and replanting with Japanese cedar ( Cryptomeria japonica ) .
The clip depicts the three singers at a street party , dancing and singing with a crowd ; along with solo appearances of each singer in a forest , wearing white clothes during their respective verses .
In the clip , Williams said she felt excited that she had her " sisters " with her spreading a positive message for the world .
Beyoncé , wearing an apostolic @-@ like gown to fit the theme of the track , appears at 90 seconds into the song to deliver her verse in a forest in front of a tree hung with paper lanterns .
Marcus Holmlund of Interview observes an " atmospheric aesthetic " that blends " alternative listens like Björk and Imogen Heap with 80s pop ( à la Phil Collins and Prince ) " .
Fear that unrest might spread provoked a meeting of Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy with James Baldwin and other Black leaders .
Travers added , " even when Gilliam flies off the rails , his images stick with you . "
The Doors tape , along with a stack of other Warehouse show tapes , were cast off and left behind as debris during the move " .
Weeks was initially disappointed with the state of the pre @-@ renovated theatre , which looked " pretty tired " with its aged orange walls and sticky , soft drink @-@ stained carpets .
@ 8 lb ) , and were loaded with a 13 @.
I hung out with Andy Warhol , Keith Haring , Iman and Steve Rubell , danced at Studio 54 , and studied acting with Andie MacDowell and Tom Hulce . "
 During the 1980s , Lundgren had relationships with Jamaican singer Grace Jones and American model Paula Barbieri .
Bradley Hale of Hardcore Gamer was also positive , saying that the music " does an effective job at blending old jams with new ones , with the arrangements of already known songs being interesting , and new tunes coming off as far more inspiring and emotion @-@ filled than those found in XIII @-@ 2 . "
In 2007 , to coincide with the Scouting centenary , about 40 new kneelers or hassocks were given to the church , decorated with the 21 World Scout Jamboree badges and other Scouting , Guiding and island badges .
Viktoria goes to the cathedral alone and dies while filling it with plants , and Garrett completes her plan , killing Karras in the rust gas .
 Jasen Torres of GameFan wrote , " If you liked Thief , you 'll love Thief 2 : The Metal Age ; it 's more of the stuff that made Thief great , with less of the annoying stuff " .
 Players earn credits for knocking out opponents , scoring points , and impressing the crowd with violence and skill .
The stern section , now crowded with men , floated for a few minutes before sinking .
The nymph of the predatory masked bug uses its hind legs and a ' tarsal fan ' to decorate its body with sand or dust .
 In fish such as the herring which live in shallower water , the mirrors must reflect a mixture of wavelengths , and the fish accordingly has crystal stacks with a range of different spacings .
They can select heavily armed Meccaryns equipped with jet packs , or amphibious spellcasting Sea Reapers .
They redesigned the controls for the PS2 's controller , and after finding the analog sticks less easy to aim with than a mouse , implemented a feature to help the player 's aim .
They made the changes to broaden retail opportunities because many large retailers in the US refused to sell " Mature " -rated games ; Wal @-@ Mart reiterated in October 2002 that they would never stock their shelves with software that contained vulgarity or nudity .
The Archduke himself arrived with six battalions of Hungarian grenadiers and twelve squadrons of cuirassiers and led them into the fight .
The track ends with a series of 12 string guitar figures that were originally supposed to segue into " The Cinema Show " to make a piece around 20 minutes in length , but this idea was dropped as the result was too comparable to " Supper 's Ready " .
In places with these gum plantations , the population of the larva of the cossid moth Xyleutes boisduvali grows , which then leads to increased predation ( and hence tree damage ) by cockatoos .
Along roads packed with vehicles and civilian traffic they withdrew amidst considerable confusion .
 The Germans and Austro @-@ Hungarians wanted to transport munitions down the Danube to the Ottoman Empire , so on 24 December 1914 , Bodrog and the minesweeper Almos escorted the steamer Trinitas loaded with munitions , the patrol boat b and two tugs from Zemun past Belgrade towards the Iron Gates gorge on the Serbian – Romanian border .
The torpedoes that were fired missed the monitors but struck a lighter loaded with fuel .
He ended his review with a phrase in Latin referring to " that horrible sin , among Christians not to be named " , the stock phrase long associated with Christian condemnations of sodomy .
 In any case , Griswold , along with James Russell Lowell and Nathaniel Parker Willis , edited a posthumous collection of Poe 's works published in three volumes starting in January 1850 .
We came in and pitted and tried to do some work on it to try to improve it , and it didn 't really improve it a whole lot , so then we were stuck with sorry track position on top of not having a great race car .
The Palace Camery was planted with orchards , a herbarium and kitchen gardens to provide food for the Bishop and staff .
 The period between Stillman 's Run and the raid at Sinsinawa Mound was filled with war @-@ related activity .
In 1846 he undertook extensive journeys with Charles Heaphy and a Māori named Kehu towards and along the West Coast .
A drawback with the Nelson settlement was its lack of pasture and the colony began to appropriate more and more of the nearby Wairau Plain , much to the displeasure of local Māori .
 Stocked with provisions that included two guns , 16 pounds ( 7 kg ) of tobacco , 112 pounds ( 51 kg ) of flour , salt and pepper , biscuits and tea , the party travelled by mules and canoe for the first two weeks until they reached Buller River .
Along with Rubem Dantas , he added its percussive elements and it became an essential tool of contemporary flamenco and later , other international musical trends .
Young returned to the mound on July 29 with five shutout innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks .
The test was considered non @-@ hazardous because neither the launch vehicle nor the spacecraft was loaded with fuel or cryogenics , and all pyrotechnic systems were disabled .
According to West Point classmate Joseph Reynolds , who saw him at the West Point graduates reunion in 1893 , Raynolds maintained a vigorous and healthy appearance long after his retirement , his brown hair , " then but slightly sprinkled with gray " .
 As a hadrosaurid , Kritosaurus would have been a large bipedal / quadrupedal herbivore , eating plants with a sophisticated skull that permitted a grinding motion analogous to chewing .
The animal 's hair was made from cheap wig clippings ; creature supervisor David Sosalla sprayed the material with adhesive and laid clumps of the distressed fur onto the painted puppet body to make the animal appear " beat @-@ up and moth @-@ eaten " .
During filming , Sosalla and crew sprinkled the creature with water to make it look more unpleasant .
ILM built one of the worms with more articulation than the others ; Ralston operated the creature through a hole in the set floor with his hand stuck inside the creature .
When this was denied , a riot broke out that led to police having to restore order with night sticks .
There , Wheeler visited the local kraals to compare them with the settlements of Iron Age Britain .
While he had become a trustee of the institution in 1963 , he achieved publicity for vocally criticising the British Museum as " a mountainous corpse " , lambasting it as being poorly managed and overcrowded with artefacts .
When Ross learns of Rachel 's breakup , he asks Chandler to stay overnight in the hope of getting a date , but Chandler refuses , claiming that he doesn 't want to be stuck with " your fat sister " Monica .
Several Eve @-@ related items were offered for sale , including a medical coat splattered with blood from her botched surgery on Julian and a framed copy of her medical degree .
However , his heavy workload with the ball affected his health ; he lost a stone in weight during the tour , and before the final Test a Melbourne doctor diagnosed that he had " strained the right side of his heart " and advised that he see a specialist .
 Having settled his disagreement with Surrey , Crawford resumed his English first @-@ class cricket career in 1919 .
 The Methodist Chapel was built in 1815 / 16 after religious services had been established at Fairseat Farm , and the chapel was rebuilt in the late 19th century with limestone walls with stone dressings and a slate hipped roof with brick eaves stacks and crestings .
 The video begins with Allen pulling up to a junkyard in a white pickup truck at night , with a watch hanging from his key chain .
Among other findings , the study suggested that , in a resting position , the forelimbs would have hung from the shoulders with the humerus angled backwards slightly , the elbow bent , and the claws facing medially ( inwards ) .
It makes a globular cocoon of sand stuck together with fine silk spun from a slender spinneret at the rear end of the body .
Within a few minutes of seizing its prey with its jaws and injecting it with venom and enzymes , it begins to suck out the digestion products .
Thus , it does not matter whether the larva actually strikes the prey with the sand showers .
In response to the coming coup , Assad , along with Naji Jamil , Husayn Mulhim and Yusuf Sayigh , left for London .
He further noted that the military Ba 'ath ( as " paraphrased by Martin Seymour " ) " was and remains Ba 'athist only in name ; that it was and remains little more than a military clique with civilian hangers @-@ on ; and that from the initial founding of the Military Committee by disgruntled Syrian officers exiled in Cairo in 1959 , the chain of events and the total corruption of Ba 'athism proceeded with intolerable logic . "
The 1930s stock was refurbished with the aim of extending its service by a further ten years .
The Wulin jiushi of the Southern Song states that these vendors , when presented to the consorts and concubines of the palace , were lavished with heaps of gold and pearls for their wares ; some vendors would " become rich in a single evening . "
Meng Yuanlao ( active 1126 – 1147 ) recalled in Dongjing Meng Hua Lu ( Dreams of Splendor of the Eastern Capital ) how the earlier Northern Song capital at Kaifeng would host festivals with tens of thousands of colorful and brightly lit paper lanterns hoisted on long poles up and down the main street , the poles also wrapped in colorful silk with numerous dramatic paper figures flying in the wind like fairies .
The common people also purchased firecrackers from city shopkeepers and vendors , made of simple sticks of bamboo filled with a small amount of gunpowder .
Specialties and combination dishes in the Song period included scented shellfish cooked in rice @-@ wine , geese with apricots , lotus @-@ seed soup , spicy soup with mussels and fish cooked with plums , sweet soya soup , baked sesame buns stuffed with either sour bean filling or pork tenderloin , mixed vegetable buns , fragrant candied fruit , strips of ginger and fermented beanpaste , jujube @-@ stuffed steamed dumplings , fried chestnuts , salted fermented bean soup , fruit cooked in scented honey , and ' honey crisps ' of kneaded and baked honey , flour , mutton fat and pork lard .
During his work with plants , de Candolle noticed that plant leaf movements follow a near @-@ 24 @-@ hour cycle in constant light , suggesting that an internal biological clock exists .
There are four named forms : ' typical ' , with leopard @-@ like rosettes and broken lines , ' marleyi ' , with large round spots , ' salt and pepper ' , with densely packed dots , and ' melanistic ' , with an almost completely black upper surface and irregular stripes and / or spots ; many sharks are intermediate between these forms .
The ponytail method allowed warriors , who often traveled to battle with a minimal amount of equipment in order to avoid excessively heavy loads over long marches , to keep their hair manageable with a small piece of string to hold their pony tail in place and a knife to cut the back to length with one simple slice .
The long hair trend grew with the spread of the hippie movement in the 1960s and , in the 1970s , longer hair styles would become the norm among men and women .
Mark Rosewater explained the outcome : " I can say that we [ Wizards of the Coast ] settled the lawsuit with Rancored Elf out of court to both parties ' satisfaction . "
This committee was given until All Saints Day ( 1 November ) to come up with provisions for a settlement .
The cover die contains the sprue ( for hot @-@ chamber machines ) or shot hole ( for cold @-@ chamber machines ) , which allows the molten metal to flow into the dies ; this feature matches up with the injector nozzle on the hot @-@ chamber machines or the shot chamber in the cold @-@ chamber machines .
The dies are prepared by spraying the mold cavity with lubricant .
Outfitted with armament and a Naval Armed Guard detachment , she sailed from Boston for Halifax with a load of tanks on 23 February 1942 .
In November 1944 , The Christian Science Monitor reported that blockships dispatched from Boston , like West Cheswald , had been loaded with " tons of sand and cement " and had been rigged with explosive charges before departing the port .
The term was first used in print by political philosopher Hillel Steiner ; while other writers followed , it has not been universally adopted and it is sometimes considered synonymous with carrot and stick .
Some , including political scientists Deiniol Jones and Andrew Rigby , consider throffer to be synonymous with carrot and stick , an idiom which refers to the way a donkey is offered a carrot to encourage compliance , while noncompliance is punished with a stick .
Rockwell noted that this painting was not popular in Europe : " The Europeans sort of resented it because it wasn 't freedom from want , it was overabundance , the table was so loaded down with food . "
The level of seed predation varies between the three species , with tooth wear indicating that M. dolichobrachion exhibited the greatest level of seed predation within the genus .
The new owners moved to settle any disagreements with its franchises while initiating a sale of the majority of corporate locations with the goal of becoming an exclusive franchisor .
Other international locations followed soon after : Oceania in 1971 with its Australian franchise Hungry Jack 's , and Europe in 1975 with a restaurant in Madrid , Spain .
Trans @-@ Pacific Foods administered the chain 's 81 locations until September 2003 when the new management team of Burger King Corporation reached an agreement with Hungry Jack 's Pty Ltd to re @-@ brand the existing Burger King locations to Hungry Jack 's and make HJP the sole master franchisee of both brands .
 Rostock served with the High Seas Fleet as a leader of torpedo boat flotillas for the duration of her career .
By the time the German fleet had assumed its night cruising formation , Rostock fell in with the light cruisers of the IV Scouting Group on the port side of the fleet .
These defeats progressively led to disenchantment of the population with the regime , that already was in an awkward position because it was also brushed with the tar of the depredations of the French " sister republic " that mainly viewed the Batavian Republic as a milk cow , both collectively ( in its demands for loans at very low interest rates ) and individually ( in the demands of French officials for bribes and other extortions ) .
 Although designed as a liberal arts @-@ oriented university , UCSC quickly acquired a graduate @-@ level natural science research component with the appointment of plant physiologist Kenneth V. Thimann as the first provost of Crown College .
Alex , Jackson and April Kepner ( Sarah Drew ) move out of Meredith 's house without inviting Lexie to join them , and with Derek and Meredith settling down with baby Zola , Lexie begins to feel increasingly lonely and isolated .
The building was equipped with a sprinkler system , but had many single @-@ point vulnerabilities for failure : the sprinkler system required manual initiation of the electrical fire pumps , rather than being a fully automatic system ; the floor @-@ level controls had a single connection to the sprinkler water riser ; and the sprinkler system required some power for the fire pump to deliver water .
 David Childs of Skidmore , Owings and Merrill worked in conjunction with glass artist and designer James Carpenter to create a design that uses ultra @-@ clear , low @-@ iron glass to provide reflectivity and light , with stainless @-@ steel spandrels behind the glass to help reflect sunlight .
 Rooted in older folklore , the modern belief in vampires spread throughout Asia with tales of ghoulish entities from the mainland , to vampiric beings from the islands of Southeast Asia .
IGN reviewer Eric Goldman gave the episode an eight out of ten rating , commenting that it was " literally jam @-@ packed with classic Spider @-@ Man characters " and " a Spider @-@ Man story that feels like classic Spider @-@ Man . "
Kis 's identity as the maker of the typefaces was rediscovered by comparison with type from Hungarian archive sources ( including an autobiography ) on which his name was identified .
 Distinctive features of Ehrhardt include an ' A ' with gently curving bar matching the centre @-@ link of the ' B ' , a wide ' T ' with spreadeagled serifs on either side and a ' b ' with no foot on the left .
The pumps were unable to cope with the influx of water and the ship 's carpenter , Cheffy , reported that Alceste was beyond repair .
Allmusic 's K. Ross Hoffman described the album as " glorious and galvanising " and labelled it " a convoluted construction crammed with so many immediately gratifying moments that it takes multiple listens to extricate them all " .
Bouquets , beautiful and fragrant , in great numbers were thrown at him , and the ladies crowded around him with the warmest good wishes , and many of them were entirely overcome with emotion .
Her choker necklace , which was hung with coins needed to cross the Sanzu River after death , was part of how Kaneko expressed the story 's hard @-@ boiled elements .
A perennial problem is the invasive Japanese knotweed , which shades out local plant species with its dense growth .
The falafel balls are topped with salads , pickled vegetables , hot sauce , and drizzled with tahini @-@ based sauces .
 When not served alone , falafel is often served with flat or unleavened bread when it is wrapped within lafa or stuffed in a hollow pita .
New species are formed through the process of speciation , often caused by geographical separations that prevent populations from exchanging genes with each other .
Patterns are drawn with pencil and later redrawn using hot wax , usually made from a mixture of paraffin or bees wax , sometimes mixed with plant resins , which functions as a dye @-@ resist .
The preferred habitat is Phragmites reedbed with the plants standing in water , with a depth of 5 – 30 cm ( 2 @.
It has a buoyant acrobatic flight with widely spread primaries .
It is possible that the feather mites enhance feather cleaning and deter pathogens , and may complement other feather care measures such as sunbathing , and anting — rubbing the plumage with ants ( the formic acid from the insects deters parasites ) .
The album 's track " Jim 's Blues " , with Plant on harmonica , was the first studio track to feature all four future members of Led Zeppelin .
Plant continued his touring commitments with Alison Krauss , stating in September 2008 that he would not be recording or touring with the band .
 The coloration of the upperparts is generally uniform , with some scattered darker hairs .
 Operators also run several features , including the candlelit Hangman 's Night Tour ( with actors portraying prolific and brutal hangman Michael Gateley ) , and the daily Watch House Experience ; an interactive performance in which visitors are treated as the prisoners would have been during its operation .
Newport was by far the most attractive settlement on the Narragansett Bay , with most of its settlers being educated .
Both ships were also involved with settling the border of Wituland on 27 – 29 December .
With the usage of power generators , most areas of the island had water pumping capabilities within a few days after the typhoon .
 The floodwaters from the hurricane combined with raw sewage in many poor areas of southwestern Mexico , leading to a widespread threat for a spread of tropical diseases .
In Acapulco , about two days after the hurricane passed , the first day of sun in a week evaporated the areas of leftover water , spreading dust across the region with the deadly diseases .
Walker subsequently began changing his diet and treating the disease with a daily injection of Copaxone , sending his MS into an arrested state .
 Wars with Magyars and Pechenegs and the spread of the Bogomil heresy weakened Bulgaria after Simeon 's death .
This includes mechanical and hydraulic powered devices for agriculture and irrigation , nautical technology such as vessel types and snorkeling gear for pearl divers , the annual processes of sericulture and weaving with the loom , metallurgic processes such as the crucible technique and quenching , manufacturing processes such as for roasting iron pyrite in converting sulphide to oxide in sulfur used in gunpowder compositions — illustrating how ore was piled up with coal briquettes in an earthen furnace with a still @-@ head that sent over sulfur as vapor that would solidify and crystallize — and the use of gunpowder weapons such as a naval mine ignited by use of a rip @-@ cord and steel flint wheel .
While prefectures across the empire in the mid @-@ Ming period were reporting either a drop in or stagnant population size , local gazetteers reported massive amounts of incoming vagrant workers with not enough good cultivated land for them to till , so that many would become drifters , conmen , or wood @-@ cutters that contributed to deforestation .
Later , with Clarke still stuck in the box serving the misconduct , the referees also gave Dennis Hull a slashing penalty , during which Yakushev scored .
Parise was called for a misconduct for banging his stick on the ice , and when he saw the misconduct called , he dashed across the ice with his stick raised .
Blinov was denied by Esposito who stopped the puck with his stick on the goal line .
As he was being subdued by the Soviet police , the Canadian players headed over and Peter Mahovlich jumped over the boards to confront police with his stick .
For Crash Bandicoot 2 : Cortex Strikes Back , Resaurus produced a " Jetboard Crash " ( a Crash Bandicoot figure bundled with the jetboard seen in the game ) and a " Jet Pack Crash " ( a goggle @-@ wearing Crash Bandicoot figure bundled with the jet pack seen in the game ) .
With rumours spreading that Heidfeld had in fact signed with BMW Sauber for the 2006 season , Pizzonia continued in the race seat , and in the Brazilian Grand Prix , was clipped by David Coulthard in turn one .
On the second lap of the race , Webber crashed with Heikki Kovalainen , Adrian Sutil and Nick Heidfeld following their efforts to avoid a collision with Rubens Barrichello , causing all except Barrichello to pit .
 Frustrated with Def Jam Recordings ' inactivity in his recording career , Ocean released his debut mixtape Nostalgia , Ultra online for free in February 2011 .
Ocean started hanging out with Malay , introduced him to his Odd Future collective , and connected creatively through their respective songwriting , which led to their partnership for Channel Orange .
Ocean 's disclosure was received with support from Def Jam and praise from other recording artists and cultural commentators .
The ships departed the Nore on 23 June 1869 , loaded down with 500 long tons ( 510 t ) of coal stowed in bags on their gun decks , and transferred the floating dock 11 days later after an uneventful voyage .
The DCNR recognizes seven different ecological zones within Presque Isle State Park , each with a different plant and animal community .
The shoreline , the second zone , is formed by wave action and is in equilibrium between erosion and deposition , with the initial plants stabilizing the sand of the new shoreline .
 Remarkably , the support line of the structure 's dead load is almost identical with the curve of the vault arch .
 Minogue 's close friend and stylist William Baker , collaborated with graphic designer Tony Hung to create the artwork 's concept of electro @-@ minimalism .
 Korn begins with " Blind " , starting with the dueling riffs of James Shaffer and Brian Welch .
 The 1975 FA Cup version – which contains the original lyrics , and features vocals from the team 's then @-@ current players – is always played before home games , with the home crowd joining in and carrying the song on after the music stops at the verse line " Fortune 's always hiding " .
After Romeo sleeps with Ruby , Mitchell said Romeo immediately regrets it .
 Charlie later struggles to deal with Ruby 's relationship with Casey .
He later decides to settle down with Ruby much to her delight after Ruby exposes Freya and pays her to leave .
Whilst Erin Miller of TV Week said : " Phew , it 's hard to keep up with Ruby 's romantic escapades lately ! "
 Prior to the 2005 season , Jose Canseco , in his controversial book Juiced , claimed to have personally injected Rodríguez with anabolic steroids during their time as teammates on the Texas Rangers .
Rice is normally a small part of the diet , and a survey in Cuban rice fields found that the plants taken were mainly weeds growing with the crop .
Other variants of the cocktail include those created with fruits like pineapple or plants such as coca leaves .
The idea with the recycling plant was that Burns did not have any sort of evil plan , he just could not help being himself .
Neagle then loaded the bases with two outs with walks to Piazza and Ventura followed by a Darryl Hamilton single , but escaped the inning without further scoring .
Former Prime Minister P. J. Patterson recognised Bolt 's talent and arranged for him to move to Kingston , along with Jermaine Gonzales , so he could train with the Jamaica Amateur Athletic Association ( JAAA ) at the University of Technology , Jamaica .
However , he , together with other members of Jamaican 4x100 m relay team , fell short of their own world record of 37 @.
Bolt also won gold in 4 × 100 metres relay with team Jamaica setting a world record time of 37 @.
Also included were shots of the Countess 's chambers being stocked with whips and straps , which she would never use on @-@ screen but whose uses the audience could imagine .
It echoed the oldest known undifferentiated reference to the peaks on or near Gerlachov 's municipal lands , Gerlachfalvenses montes ( Latin with Hungarian elements for the " Gerlachov Village Mountains " ) , in a drawing of the High Tatras from 1717 .
The shape of the stone pile allowed a good air flow with only minimal thermal contact between the stones .
Saplings supplied with dew and very slight rainfall from these collectors survived much better than the control group planted without such aids – they all dried up over the summer .
They concluded that the mounds that Zibold identified as dew condensers were in fact ancient burial mounds ( a part of the necropolis of antic Theodosia ) and that the pipes were medieval in origin and not associated with the mounds .
An ecstatic Mr. Copper is left to live on Earth with a credit card he preloaded with a million pounds , unaware of the conversion between pound sterling and Sto credits .
The Wittelsbachs were designed to displace 11 @,@ 774 metric tons ( 11 @,@ 588 long tons ) with a standard load , and displaced up to 12 @,@ 798 metric tons ( 12 @,@ 596 long tons ) at full combat weight .
 The passage of the Mayflower across the North Atlantic lasted more than two months , with 102 passengers crowded onto the cargo ship 's gun deck and about 30 crew members .
The cornerstone was laid for the Myles Standish Monument in Duxbury in 1872 , with a crowd of ten thousand people attending the ceremonies .
The ship turned to port with the steering wheel jammed and was followed by several other battleships .
In disturbed areas , however , the increased runoff and reduced competition mean extra nutrients are available , and this results in larger plants with more flowers and a longer flowering season .
The resultant F1 hybrids are fully fertile , with seed production rates similar to that of the parent species .
Moreover , it is essentially non @-@ serotinous in the south , since all seed is released by the end of the second year , but seed retention increases steadily to the north , and at the northern end of its range , it typically takes around four years for a plant to release half of its seed in the absence of bushfire , with some seed retained for up to 12 years .
The differences in fire regime between dune crests and swales would have created different evolutionary pressures , with plants on crests adapting to frequent hot fires by becoming strongly serotinous , and plants in swales adapting to patchier , cooler fires with weaker serotiny .
A third taxon endemic to St Kilda , a subspecies of house mouse known as the St Kilda house mouse ( Mus musculus muralis ) , vanished completely after the departure of human inhabitants , as it was strictly associated with settlements and buildings .
The first film where he used this technology was ABC Africa , which was compiled from footage shot with two small digital video cameras , material originally gathered for the purposes of research and scouting .
 In April 1913 , The New York Times reported that El Occidente , loaded only with cargo , had rammed a schooner in fog off the New Jersey coast .
On 10 July , El Occidente departed Newport News with Navy transports Aeolus , Powhatan , Martha Washington , Matsonia , but had to return to port with a leaky gas injector .
Little is known of El Occidente 's movements over the six months , but on 30 January 1942 , she left Boston for Halifax loaded with a general cargo .
With horses unable to cope with the loads being carried , the Tramway was upgraded for locomotive use .
The Tramway 's management recognised that the construction works would lead to a significant increase in the haulage of heavy goods , and that the Aveling and Porter engines would be unable to cope with the increased loads .
In the 2010 documentary on the band , No Distance Left to Run , Coxon stated that he was getting more influenced by American guitarists as " a lot of them were doing very interesting stuff with guitars and I needed to be nourished .
The song contains the refrain " Look inside America , she 's all right ; she 's all right , " which was said by Erlewine to " cleverly subvert the traditional Blur song , complete with strings . "
Cole and Zeke try to escape the quarantine with Cole 's new powers which results in the army opening fire on them along with a crowd of escapees .
In the PlayStation Store , there is also an option to purchase the first two Booster @-@ packs for a reduced price , and there will be another combo pack with all three included .
From here , the road stretches through residential and commercial areas as a 35 mph ( 56 km / h ) road before widening into a four @-@ lane divided highway and interchanging with the Garden State Parkway .
Development efforts have successfully reduced the levels of allergens in tomato plants and fortification of plants such as tomatoes with dietary antioxidants .
Monsanto will likely be first to market , with a transgenic corn seed that expresses dsRNA based on gene Snf7 from the western corn rootworm , a beetle whose larvae annually cause one billion dollars in damage in the United States alone .
You hang out with all your bros and it ’ s a great time and everything , but everybody wants to come home and have a girlfriend .
The first measure begins with the kick drum and splash cymbal playing on the downbeat , followed by a hit on the bell of the ride cymbal on beat two , preceding an open hi @-@ hat that rings out for a full count on beat three . "
 Up until the middle part of the 20th century , it was customary to wear Tudor style under @-@ dress , consisting of white silk embroidered doublet , breeches , full hose , white doeskin pumps with satin bows and a sword belt with sword , under the robes .
Inside , the nest is tidy and compact , lined with fine grasses and plant fluff , which is generally gathered some distance from the nest .
This design helped keep the canal competitive , as it increased the speed with which loading and unloading of the boats could be performed .
Following this judgement , the railway company settled out of court with other colliery owners .
In an mRNA rescue , a Morpholino is co @-@ injected with an mRNA that codes for the same protein that the Morphlino is targeted to knock down .
A microinjection apparatus is usually used for delivery into an embryo , with injections most commonly performed at the single @-@ cell or few @-@ cell stage ; an alternative method for embryonic delivery is electroporation , which can deliver oligos into tissues of later embryonic stages .
The cairn consisted of an earthen mound with a surrounding ditch 28 metres in circumference and over 2 metres tall .
 With the exception of the Neolithic settlement at Cefn Glas , there are three certain pre @-@ Medieval settlement sites in the valley — Maendy Camp , Hen Dre 'r Gelli and Hen Dre 'r Mynydd .
Weighing 26 pounds ( 12 kg ) the gold piece is encrusted with rubies , sapphires and pearls .
He later explained that he had uploaded it only to share it with family members on completion of the memorial services for Thomas 's grandmother .
He was already friendly with James Hartness , the president of the Jones & Lamson Machine Company ( J & L ) , another company in town .
Abhinav Kashyap , in an interview with Bollywood Hungama , revealed that initially he had considered a few others for the role of Chulbul Pandey , but eventually changed his mind and approached Salman .
Anurag Kashyap , brother of Abhinav Kashyap , tweeted " Salman khan thinks he made my brother 's life .. Hope he can do the same for his brother Arbaaz with Dabangg 2 . "
The Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve near Beckley , West Virginia is now the permanent site beginning with the 2013 National Scout Jamboree .
They warned Parker he had " better start running " , but then blocked his path and quickly sprayed him in the face with CS gas .
 In court Nazir admitted to seeing the victim lying on the ground and attempting to spray him with CS gas and kicking him .
Weeks later , Candice was beginning to receive more air @-@ time and higher profile matches , and she won tag matches that pitted her with Mickie James against Victoria and Melina .
 On the September 1 episode of Raw , Candice made her in @-@ ring return match teaming up with Kelly Kelly and Mickie James to defeat Jillian Hall , Katie Lea Burchill and Beth Phoenix , with Candice pinning Phoenix .
 Animation historian Michael Barrier wrote that Belle " becomes a sort of intellectual less by actually reading books , it seems , than by hanging out with them " , but says that the film comes closer than other " Disney @-@ studio " films to " accepting challenges of the kind that the finest Walt Disney features met " .
Several years later , the lawsuit was settled with undisclosed payments , and establishment of a project to encourage women and minorities to seek faculty positions .
He still controlled Rome 's praetorian guards , was well @-@ stocked with African grain , and was surrounded on all sides by the seemingly impregnable Aurelian Walls .
Pagans such as Praxagoras of Athens and Libanius showered him with praise .
That same year in a game against the Chicago White Sox ' Clark Griffith , Lajoie became the second Major Leaguer to be intentionally walked with the bases loaded in an 11 – 7 game after Abner Dalrymple in 1881 .
Filled with crowd multiplication Judoon , crowd multiplication Slitheen , a few Hath , two helmeted Sycorax , and crowd multiplication space @-@ extras : some in big opera cloaks ; Sisters of the Wicker Place Mat from 1 @.
The authors of Icons of the American Comic Book say Annie " glides through a changing world with an untiring optimism " with a " good @-@ natured lack of desire " .
Duncan and Smith also agreed , and wrote that " humor sometimes mixes awkwardly with the loaded topics of the era , and some have found Annie 's lack of character development and the requisite sexual hijinks an impediment to taking her seriously . "
When news of the decision and crews to execute it arrived in Edmonton , angry citizens descended on the office and tore to pieces the wagon that the officer was packing with records for transportation .
 Brushing with hasty steps the dews away
Later , other photos of the filming were published on several websites and they showed Gaga with blue lipstick and a leather romper with several male dancers , in a long @-@ sleeve red dress with padded shoulders , a big satellite dish and a big black hat .
During the breakdown , Gaga and her team dance on a street while interspersing scenes show her causing chaos , including falling down the stairs , attempting to get into a car with an ridiculously oversized hat and pouring water over herself with a marble plant pot in the bath .
Chang disagreed with the changes and , as a result , withdrew the Japanese publishing of the book .
Suffering from depression , Chang was diagnosed with brief reactive psychosis in August 2004 .
Plants with reduced exposure to pollinators were 33 % to 50 % less likely to produce fruits than those that were , while hand pollinated individuals showed a 100 % fruit set ( though these fruits did not contain a 100 % seed set ) .
Furthermore , it helps resolve what has been called " Reid 's paradox " , which states that migration during glaciation events must have been impossible for plants with dispersal rates under several hundred meters per year , such as Trillium grandiflorum .
They would elbow him , jam him with the straight arm , and if he went to the ground in a scrimmage there generally would be a knee grinding him in the wind .
The fair also showed Sinclair Research 's relatively unimportant role in the computer 's success , with only small crowds at its booth compared to the " rugby scrum " elsewhere .
American retailers were left with large stocks of unsold machines .
He was named to the WHL West Second All @-@ Star Team along with goaltending teammate Dustin Tokarski .
It passes through residential and commercial areas of Rutherford , intersecting County Route 32 ( Meadow Road ) before crossing into East Rutherford , where it intersects County Route S32 ( Union Avenue ) before interchanging with State Route 120 and County Route 120 ( Paterson Plank Road ) .
Empire gave the film 3 / 5 having a verdict of " Visually stunning , thoroughly belligerent and as shallow as a pygmy 's paddling pool , this is a whole heap of style tinged with just a smidgen of substance . "
Newspaper switchboards were jammed with calls from people seeking the RNC 's address , while Western Union was caught off guard by Nixon 's request that listeners wire the RNC , and had no extra help on hand .
The case was settled out of court in 2010 with undisclosed terms .
The appearance of these stories in the magazine is indicative of the direction Miller 's writing had taken toward " ' human ' stories , less crowded with incident , more concerned with values . "
The ships departed the Nore on 23 June 1869 , loaded down with 500 long tons ( 510 t ) of coal stowed in bags on their gun decks , and transferred the floating dock 11 days later after an uneventful voyage .
He maintains that the translations provided are an " unvarnishing " of the translations performed by the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn in the 1800s , but others accuse LaVey of simply changing references to Christianity with those to Satan .
The tour was wrapped with a performance at the Phoenix Festival on July 20 , 1996 .
He ordered his artillery to load with grape shot and fire into the melee , which included men from the elite Brigade of Guards .
The type species for the genus is M. gulosa , discovered by Joseph Banks in 1770 during his expedition with James Cook on the HMS Endeavour .
At Main Street Elementary School , with the encouragement of his teacher James Doyle , he developed an interest in writing , serving as editor for his school newspaper .
At the time , Excedrin was packaged in plastic bottles with the mouth of the bottle sealed with foil and the lid secured to the bottle with plastic wrap .
Eri , the god @-@ like founder of Nri , is believed to have settled the region around 948 with other related Igbo cultures following after in the 13th century .
For women , a puffed sleeve blouse along with two wrappers and a head tie are worn .
I Am Mariah … The Elusive Chanteuse , in May 2014 , she parted ways with her record label Def Jam Recordings , her publicist Cindi Berger and her manager Jermaine Dupri .
The bismuth scattered in these uses is unrecoverable with present technology .
Wood Badge training has since spread across the world with international variations .
Kelly had her debut match as part of the brand that same night , teaming with Mickie James to defeat Layla and Jillian Hall .
On April 11 , 2008 , Blank along with Mickie James , Melina Perez , and Layla El appeared in an episode of Celebrity Fit Club : Boot Camp as trainers .
 In the early 1970s Chatwin had an affair with James Ivory , a film director .
@ 4 metres ( 16 by 14 ft ) internally , with walls of slate rubble up to 1 @.
Previous pumped @-@ storage systems used separate pumps with a network of pipes to return water to the upper reservoir , making them much more expensive to build than conventional hydroelectric systems .
If he was a human , I would hang out with him . "
Sure , it tumbles into clunky pop straight afterwards , but then , that also seems to be what she does : beautiful things are bashed against ugly things , pretty melodies ruined by silly noises , emotional lyrics stuffed with buzzwords . "
The tracks cut in January , with arrangements by Neal Hefti , were released as Clifford Brown with Strings .
In one 1954 session he recorded a trio version of " I 'll String Along with You " , on which he used " heavily chorded patterns with intriguing flourishes . "
 As the video opens , Rihanna is dragged into a press conference , where she is covered with plastic wrap and taped to a wall .
Unless there is an issue integrating rats together , owners should always keep them in a group of at least three , as rats live in packs and a pack starts with three animals .
Lockhart ’ s classes turn out to be as obsessed with the man as he is with himself , as proven by a “ hands @-@ on ” training experience with a pack of destructive pixies ( small , bluish creatures that exist to cause mayhem ) , and Harry learns that prejudice exists in the wizarding world by the way of blood status : Those with “ pure ” blood ( only wizarding heritage ) have the advantage over and condescend to those with Muggle parentage .
The road runs east through urbanized sections of Camden along the north bank of the Cooper River , interchanging with CR 608 .
The road crosses the Cooper River into Collingswood , running to the east of Harleigh Cemetery before interchanging with CR 561 and passing under the PATCO Speedline .
Clive Barnes wrote : " With the splashy Mack & Mabel ... diminutive and contralto Bernadette Peters found herself as a major Broadway star . "
 They have a white double coat which requires regular brushing with a wire comb in order to prevent matting .
When the fire swept through the area the forest was dense and mature with heavy fuel loads from dead trees , which also had dead limbs extending to the ground , providing a fuel ladder for fire to easily spread into the tree tops .
Loaded with several other players who could score , such as future Hall @-@ of @-@ Famers Hal Greer and newcomer Billy Cunningham , Hannum wanted Chamberlain to concentrate more on defense .
Again , the Lakers charged through the playoffs , and in the 1970 NBA Finals , the Lakers were pitted against the New York Knicks , loaded with future Hall @-@ of @-@ Famers Willis Reed , Dave DeBusschere , Bill Bradley , and Walt Frazier .
Erskine subjects Rogers to the super @-@ soldier treatment , injecting him with a special serum and dosing him with " vita @-@ rays " .
Legal plans to test crab and shrimp etouffee , crab risotto with spring vegetables , and crab minestrone , all made with green crab stock , in their test kitchen during the winter of 2015 and offer the dishes in their other restaurant locations during the crab season .
 The police raid the Simpson home and find a gun under the seat of their car , covered with Homer 's fingerprints and loaded with bullets that match the one fired into Mr. Burns .
Donning a red puffer flight jacket , hoodie and cargo pants , the character sported gold accents decorating his black belt , backpack and combat boots , and completed this with an orange bandana wrapped below his neck .
He has occasionally been involved in political matters , most recently consulting the Senate Finance Committee on tax reform along with former colleague Bob Packwood
Trauma can be reduced by avoiding rough or sharp foodstuffs and by brushing teeth with care .
Behind each house , long grassy gardens planted with rows of trees led directly down to the river , until they were cut off by the construction of the Victoria Embankment along the river bank between 1865 and 1870 .
About this time Benjamin sold his interest in Bellechasse , lacking the time to deal with plantation business .
In 1993 he had a supporting role as a South African tycoon in the critically acclaimed Six Degrees of Separation , in which he starred with Stockard Channing , Donald Sutherland , and Will Smith .
The Firm 's work received increasing interest from people in the United States , resulting in Morris 's acquaintance with Henry James and Charles Eliot Norton .
Scarpa created the Goathouse Refuge in 2007 , naming it after an old goat who came with the dilapidated plantation house and the 16 acre property .
The song found the Byrds successfully blending their signature harmonies and chiming 12 @-@ string guitar playing with the sound of the pedal steel guitar for the first time , foreshadowing their extensive use of the instrument on their next album , Sweetheart of the Rodeo .
These strong individual dashes do not seem painted so much as drawn onto the canvas with a heavily loaded brush .
The villagers appear to have arrived well @-@ organised , and armed with old bows and sticks .
Their forces were armed with weapons including sticks , battle axes , old swords and bows .
The Chinese planted the area with black pepper and gambier , while the Javanese dug parit ( canals ) to drain water from the land , build roads and plant coconuts .
The border with Tennessee was not settled until 1893 , when their dispute was brought to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Devine hit Abyss with a kendo stick from behind and helped Devon set up a table on the floor next to the stage .
Ray and Devon then sprayed the table with lighter fluid .
 The outer bands of Nate brushed Bermuda with sustained winds of 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) and widespread showers .
These plumes are raised up over the bird 's head ( along with a fine spray of modified uppertail coverts ) during his extraordinary display .
Planting also became more specialized with hybridization of corn and wheat , fertilization , and mechanical equipment such as tractors and combines became the norm .
He noted that the sound Stefani had cultivated with No Doubt was missing from her solo work .
The chorus , featuring " jagged " distorted guitar and a thrash @-@ influence beat , segues into an extended jam before the song ends with 30 seconds of feedback .
Contact with an enemy drains the pumpkin 's magic meter that also fuels the protagonist 's offensive projectiles .
Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil / coal burning .
The fall season was always a vulnerable time for the banking system — combined with the roiled stock market , even a small shock could have grave repercussions .
 The 1907 panic began with a stock manipulation scheme to corner the market in F. Augustus Heinze 's United Copper Company .
MacArthur Park " contained an actual orchestra complete with a strings section . "
He called this type of film " a southern " , stating that he wanted " to do movies that deal with America 's horrible past with slavery and stuff but do them like spaghetti westerns , not like big issue movies .
His strike partnership at Oxford United with Matt Green and Jamie Cook was described as " devastating " in 2009 .
 The stock was made longer and with less drop .
 " We Remain " peaked at number 58 on the South Korean Gaon International Download Chart with 2 @,@ 689 copies sold on October 6 , 2013 .
 FreeBSD ships with three different firewall packages : IPFW , pf and IPFilter .
I would [ also ] want to do more stuff with Marge .
Argento later stated that he wanted to " put on film a gory roller @-@ coaster ride packed with fast and furious murders " and that he " shouldn 't resist what [ his ] hardcore audience wanted " .
In Alabama , Moon and Entwistle loaded a toilet with cherry bombs after being denied room service .
 The ship was nominally under the 10 @,@ 000 long tons ( 10 @,@ 000 t ) limitation on warship size imposed by the Treaty of Versailles , though with a full load displacement of 15 @,@ 180 long tons ( 15 @,@ 420 t ) , she significantly exceeded it .
She was partially broken up for scrap after the end of the war , though part of the hull was left in place and buried with rubble from the attack in the construction of a new quay .
Utilising an insertion technique perfected by the Special Air Service Regiment they were subsequently re @-@ supplied early on the evening of 5 August , with the supplies successfully unloaded and the helicopters departing within three minutes .
 As DNA around the double @-@ strand break is cut back , the single @-@ stranded 3 ' overhangs being produced are coated with the RPA protein , which prevents the 3 ' overhangs from sticking to themselves .
Recognition of the Chi site also changes the RecBCD enzyme so that it cuts the DNA strand with Chi and begins loading multiple RecA proteins onto the single @-@ stranded DNA with the newly generated 3 ' end .
This later included re @-@ coating a number of the buildings with white plaster , as it was known that many were originally finished that way .
 The structures at Zaculeu were grouped around small plazas and were generally built from masonry , coated with a thick layer of plaster .
The tomb interior was painted red and the floor was scattered with the remains of more than 100 ceramic vessels .
 The character of World was created as a means to have an imaginary friend that was an entire world instead of the usual " sentient being that you hang out with . "
Lutz 's initial idea was to develop an all @-@ electric car , but Jon Lauckner , General Motors Vice President for Global Vehicle Development , convinced him that to avoid an expensive battery , range anxiety concerns , and lack of public charging infrastructure , they could use a smaller battery pack with a small gasoline engine driving a generator acting as a backup to extend the range , but without a mechanical connection between the gasoline engine and the drive wheels , so it would be a pure electrically driven vehicle without many of the limitations General Motors learned from the EV1 experience .
This requirement translated using a lithium @-@ ion battery pack with an energy storage capacity of 16 kWh considering that the battery would be used until the state of charge ( SOC ) of the battery reached 30 % .
 The Volt concept car became the first application of the E @-@ Flex ( Voltec ) drive system with a combination of an electric motor , the same used in the Chevrolet Equinox Fuel Cell , a 16 kW · h ( 58 MJ ) lithium @-@ ion battery pack with 136 kW of peak power , and a genset consisting of a small 1 @.
The Volt team explained that for the launch General Motors decided to go with a common national package which includes an 8 @-@ year 100 @,@ 000 @-@ mile ( 160 @,@ 000 km ) battery warranty .
Owners of a 2012 Volt with the low emissions package are eligible to apply for one of 40 @,@ 000 available HOV lane stickers issued to vehicles that qualify as a California AT @-@ PZEV .
Only the 2012 Volts manufactured after February 6 , 2012 , are fitted with the low emission package and sold as standard models in California .
In the Canadian market , the Volt is offered in one standard trim level with two option packages , a Premium Trim Package and a Rear Camera and Park Assist Package .
A total of 246 Holden Volts had been sold in the country by mid April 2015 , with the stock of the first generation almost empty .
 What followed was a ceremony laid down by Arthur 's grandmother Lady Margaret Beaufort : the bed was sprinkled with holy water , after which Catherine was led away from the wedding feast by her ladies @-@ in @-@ waiting .
On 23 April , Arthur 's body , which had previously been embalmed , sprinkled with holy water and sheltered with a canopy , was carried out of Ludlow Castle and into the Parish Church of Ludlow by various noblemen and gentlemen .
Bede had another brush with Wilfrid , for the historian himself says that he met Wilfrid , sometime between 706 and 709 , and discussed Æthelthryth , the abbess of Ely .
Because of his widespread correspondence with others throughout the British Isles , and due to the fact that many of the letters imply that Bede had met his correspondents , it is likely that Bede travelled to some other places , although nothing further about timing or locations can be guessed .
 Raw string varieties , denoted by prefixing the string literal with an r .
John Lennon died before the show was created , but Ringo Starr and George Harrison had guest starred in 1991 ( " Brush with Greatness " ) and 1993 ( " Homer 's Barbershop Quartet " ) , respectively .
IGN ranked McCartney 's performance in this episode , along with Ringo Starr 's performance in " Brush with Greatness " , and George Harrison 's performance in " Homer 's Barbershop Quartet " , as the tenth best guest appearance in The Simpsons ' history .
 In May 1894 , Courtenay followed Lloyd to the Empire , Leicester Square , where she was performing , and attempted to batter her with a stick , shouting : " I will gouge your eyes out and ruin you ! "
Jason Birchmeier from Allmusic commented that Poquita Ropa " finds Arjona at his most naked , backed by spare arrangements of acoustic guitar , piano , and Hammond B @-@ 3 along with occasional touches of strings , woodwinds , and chorus vocals . "
Arjona said that " Marta " is " one of those songs with brushworks related to something that happened , put on the magnifying glass of the author . "
When the Hall was redecorated in 1962 it was decided that it should be hung with the banners of the members of the Order in 1922 .
 The gorge has over 225 species of wildflowers , plants and trees , with scattered stands of old growth forest on some of its steepest walls .
Next day , Prince Árpád and all his leading men with all the warriors of Hungary entered the city of King Attila and they saw all the royal palaces , some ruined to the foundations , others not , and they admired beyond measure the stone buildings and were happier than can be told that they had deserved to take without fighting the city of King Attila , of whose line Prince Árpád descended .
Jackson compared the character to Ordell in Jackie Brown , calling him " a nice guy to hang out with .
 Judith Kirkwood of Orange Coast Magazine has stated that " The Beverly Hills Hotel is such an icon that my friend , Gretchen , and I wondered if it was a mirage when the taxi pulled up in the porte cochere and deposited us on a red carpet , but realized that it was " more like a peachy pink dream dusted with gold — and green and white striped accents " .
Directed by Rich Lee , it shows bare @-@ chested Adam Levine using inverse green screen technology to rub paint onto Ratajkowski with his hands .
This was also done in the final scene when Jessica scrubs the church steps and plays with the scrub brush .
 Delhi Metro was planned to be built in phases spread over around 20 years as with each phase having a target of five years and end of one phase marking the beginning of another .
Some of are a metro corridor between dwarka to iffco chowk line , A new mutiple lines covering old and new gurgaon region like gurgaon railway station and bus stand and various sectors like sector 10 , basai chowk , farrukhnagar connecting dwarka expressway metro line etc , yellow line extension from huda city centre to manesar via rajiv chowk ( gurgaon ) interchanging with old gurgaon metro line , connecting with delhi regional rapid rail system ( delhi gurgaon alwar corridor ) , pod taxi system .